These theorists were sometimes only loosely affiliated, and some authors point out that the "Frankfurt circle" was neither a philosophical school nor a political group.
Nevertheless, they spoke with a common paradigm in mind; they shared the Marxist Hegelian premises and were preoccupied with similar questions.
Her face was a synthesis of perfect symmetry and unusual proportion; he could have gazed at it for hours, trying to locate the source of its fascination.
Jupiter was the ruler of the gods and the protector of Rome , where his temple was the center of Roman Religion and of the cult of state .
Used for heavily vandalized articles or for articles that are current and likely will have traffic due to a real-life occurrence .
Twinkle will add the appropriate notice on the article 's page , and in most cases , will automatically put a notice on the talk page of the editor who created the article .
Moreover,  we  ourselves  remain  within  the  sensibleness  of  common  sense  to  the  extent  that  we  suppose ourselves to be secure in those multiform “truths” of practical experience and action, of research, composition, and belief.
But  it  can  also  be  taken  as  saying:  truth  is  the correspondence  of  knowledge  to  the  matter.
As a capacity bestowed upon man by God, it must satisfy its idea.
Likewise, material  truth  always  signifies  the  consonance  of  something  at  hand  with  the  "rational"  concept  of  its essence.
The  impression  arises  that  this  definition  of  the  essence  of  truth  is  independent  of  the interpretation  of  the  essence  of  the  Being  of  all  beings,  which  always  includes  a  corresponding interpretation  of  the  essence  of  man  as  the  bearer  and  executor  of  intellectus.
Thus  the  formula for the essence of truth comes to have its general validity as something immediately evident to everyone.
But then is there any further need at all for a special unveiling of the essence of truth?
Moreover, if we take  the tracing back  of propositional truth to material truth to be what in the first instance it shows itself to be, namely a theological explanation,  and  if  we  then  keep  the  philosophical  definition  completely  pure  of  all admixture of theology and limit the concept of truth to propositional truth, then we encounter an old—though not the oldest—tradition of thinking, according to which truth is the accordance of a statement  with a matter
But in spite of all their dissimilarity the above statement, as true, is in accordance with the coin.
And according to the usual concept of truth this accord is supposed to be a correspondence.