Wider decks can be used for greater stability when transition or ramp skating .
The Alfa Romeo 164 is a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo .
The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognize achievements in Australian sport .
Gordon Gray June 20 , 1949 - April 12 , 1950 Harry S. Truman
Stephen Ailes January 28 , 1964 - July 1 , 1965 Lyndon B. Johnson
In electronics , a voltage divider is a tool which creates an output voltage which is proportional to an input voltage .
It declined in the 1940s as mining declined .
Distributions are normally split into packages .
Its county seat is Green Cove Springs
Julius Caesar introduced Venus Genetrix as a goddess of motherhood and domesticity .
There are 104 twenty-five minute episodes .
Brain also started a trio with the pianist Wilfrid Parry and violinist Jean Pougnet .
How Pop Can You Get ?
Bomberman Land Touch !
Four examples survived into preservation .
-- Ted Nelson -LRB- Ted Nelson one-liners -RRB-
In 1998 , at the Seventh WWW Conference in Brisbane , Australia , Ted Nelson was awarded the Yuri Rubinsky Memorial Award .
Winchester Cathedral is a mediaeval Anglican church in Winchester , Hampshire .
This category contains articles relate to GP2 Series .
Konrad Zacharias Lorenz -LRB- Vienna , 7 November 1903 -- Vienna , 27 February 1989 -RRB- was an Austrian zoologist , naturalist , ornithologist and Nobel Prize winner .
Provides an easy way to cite Geographic Names Information System data .
FishBase currently recognizes sixteen species in the family , grouped in five genera .
The movie received mainly negative reviews .
Extraordinary Machine is an album by Fiona Apple .
Around 54 , the province was ruled by Gaius Julius Sohaemus .
Eddie moved to Port Arthur , Ontario in 1909 to work for the Canadian Northern Railway .
Dearly Devoted Dexter is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay .
E la du permanis silence .
Me bone komprenis , ma pro quo vu sempre parolas enigmatoze ?
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently .
People started to call celebrities teen idols in the 20th century .
The members of this band are vocalist Scott Stapp , guitar player Mark Tremonti , drum player Scott Phillips , and bass guitar player Brian Marshall .
Dorothy Hamill is an American figure skating champion of the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1976 Gold medalist .
The parish contains the villages and hamlets of Mill Green , Priory Green Round Maple and Sherbourne Street .
He became well-known through his larger-scale abstract cast bronze and carved marble sculptures .
Their skins have overlapping horny scales .
Carter retired in 1910 .
Zinc fluoride is made by reacting zinc chloride with a fluoride .
In Early Modern English , quotation marks were used only to denote pithy comments .
Generally , this â smart quoteâ feature is enabled by default .
Straight single and double quotation marks are used in most programming languages to delimit strings or literal characters .
They distributed pamphlets denouncing Adolf Hitler 's regime from June 1942 until February 1943 .
Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater .
Most Buddhists in Punjab reverted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards .
Hurricane Agnes was a category 1 hurricane in the 1972 Atlantic hurricane season .
Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area .
The male is 22 centimeters in length with the elongated outer tail-feathers accounting for 14-15 centimeters .
Hurricane Keith was the strongest hurricane of the 2000 Atlantic hurricane season .
An apple pie is a pie or tart filled with apples .
Atlas then became the Atlas Mountains .
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland .
Meanwhile , the killer attacks Gale and Dewey .
In the debating chamber the Leader of the Opposition sits directly opposite the Prime Minister .
Leader : Normally the male
Theobalds Grove railway station serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire , England .
He bats left-handed and throws right-handed .
Successive invasions of Germanic tribes meant the thr end of the Western Empire in the 5th century , but the Eastern Empire persisted throughout the Middle Ages as the Byzantine Empire .
Copper compounds are chemical compounds containing copper ions .
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street .
The Governor-General represents Australia internationally , making and receiving State visits .
The CN Tower is a communications and tourist tower in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Persian lime became more important when key lime orchards were wiped out by a hurricane in 1926 . Persian lime orchards themselves were devastated by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
Mullen has invented many tricks .
Russell Dominic Peters -LRB- born September 29 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian Comedian from Toronto .
Between 1865 and 1869 , Foster worked as a journalist for the Evansville Daily Journal .
The choreographed martial art bending moves were profoundly affected by Asian cinema .
Examples include the classical Hindu , Buddhist , and Greek elemental traditions .
In 1774 Baldwin enlisted in a regiment , and commanded the Woburn militia at the Battle of Lexington and Concord as a major .
In 2000 , Dushku starred in Soul Survivors with her Race The Sun co-star Casey Affleck .
Currently , the service consists of 48 channels including 5 locally produced Indonesia exclusive channels were launched under the Astro brand .
Cusco Province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the Cusco Region in southern Peru .
Hardy once again defeated Morrison .
Abel Tasman also explored the coast in 1644 .
Usually , this required trusted secure channel .
This template converts ONS codes to population , rank or density for Welsh councils .
The jet pushes the turbine 's curved blades which reverse the flow .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
Other elements requiring inspection and repair during overhauls include bearings , packing box and shaft sleeves , servomotors , cooling systems for the bearings and generator coils , seal rings , wicket gate linkage elements and all surfaces .
Around 1913 , Victor Kaplan created the Kaplan turbine , a propeller-type machine .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
The defending Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders went from first overall and finished tied for 6th overall . The high-scoring Edmonton Oilers tied for second overall .
Many species are critically endangered .
Epicurus and his followers shunned politics .
Some writings by Epicurus have survived .
Grand Funk Inc. is her recording studio of choice in producing for these two media .
The Kings of Arms grant coats of arms by letters patent .
Robb won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Leading Young Actress '' , and Bailee Madison won `` Best Performance in a Feature Film â `` Young Actress Age Ten or Younger '' .
At recess , May Belle tells Jess and Leslie that Janice stole her Twinkies .
Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .
Neapolitan pizza -LRB- pizza Napoletana -RRB- .
Melbourne in Australia is named after the Prime Minister , Viscount Melbourne .
Madison sought to accomplish this by demonstrating conclusively that the Acts violated the constitution .
Its current messenger client is Windows Live Messenger .
It comes from Stewart Grand Prix .
Cities in Brazil .
The southern and western boundaries are based on the continental shelf .
The 2006 unnamed tropical storm was a short-lived tropical cyclone .
The Pax Romana lasted from 27 BC until 180 AD .
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
In 1887 , he recruited the famous investigative journalist Nellie Bly .
The sculptors , imitating the preceding centuries , portray painful moments rendered expressive with three-dimensional compositions , often V-shaped , and anatomical hyper-realism .
LaocoÃ n , strangled by snakes , tries desperately to loosen their grip without affording a glance at his dying sons .
The trio sonata by Johann Sebastian Bach that belongs to the The Musical Offering is for violin , flute and continuo .
Silver compounds are chemical compounds containing silver ions .
They are situated where the Caribbean Sea meets the western Atlantic Ocean .
Jacqueline du PrÃ met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year 's Eve in 1966 .
It then emerged into the Gulf of Mexico weakening into a minimal 115 mph .
Fay weakened into a tropical depression along the north coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
It breeds in southern Asia from southern Pakistan .
Transparent beer bottles do not .
Jasper goes and visits Rosa .
This consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 170 of the spikes .
Thomson Newspapers purchased Brush-Moore in 1967 .
In his Papal Bull `` Auctorem Fidei '' , Pope Pius VI praised devotion to the Sacred Heart .
The mirror images reflect an eternal binding of the two hearts .
Religious imagery depicting the Sacred Heart is frequently featured in Catholic , and sometimes Anglican homes .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
In Canada this was mirrored by the Quiet Revolution and the emergence of Quebec nationalism .
Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements .
The college was founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White .
Saudi Arabia national football team is the national football team of Saudi Arabia .
Women 's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 .
In 1988 , the band signed with legendary punk record label SST Records and released its debut full-length album Ultramega OK .
By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .
Image is centered by default .
Le Breton beat Mills with a cane .
This template supports optional substitution .
It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs .
Around 600 tonnes of fuel oil were spilled into the ocean .
The Italian Invasion of Albania was a Military Campaign by Fascist Italy to Occupy Albania .
Lady 's slipper orchids , lady slipper orchids or slipper orchids are the orchids in the subfamily Cypripedioidea .
Tram route 70 goes past Richmond Station along Swan Street .
An electron configuration is the arrangement of electrons within an atom .
Natron deposits are sometimes found in saline -LRB- salty -RRB- lake beds which arose in arid environments .
Live Free or Die Hard -LRB- also called Die Hard 4.0 outside of North America -RRB- is an action movie starring Bruce Willis and Justin Long .
The underside of the fore wing is orange .
Exodus ; produces : Exodus ;
She has won multiple Emmy awards , Grammy awards and Golden Globe awards .
Sodium phosphide is a chemical compound . It contains sodium and phosphide ions .
Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease , liver cancer , anemia , chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies .
Emergency contraception can not protect against sexually transmitted diseases . Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Julio Lugo bats and throws right-handed .
Mario Kart : Super Circuit is a racing game for the Game Boy Advance .
Iron oxides are chemical compounds .
There are sixteen known iron oxides .
Go Ask Alice is a controversial book from 1971 .
Difficult issues are resolved through the Arbitration Committee , which handles content disputes , blocks users or prohibit certain users from editing articles on certain topics .
Only competitive matches are counted .
Pittodrie was also the first football stadium to feature a dugout , an invention of player and coach Donald Colman .
Melbourne Airport is the biggest domestic and international airport for Victoria .
FTSE stands for Financial Times Stock Exchange .
Example for such beans are Coffee beans , Cocoa beans , and Vanilla beans .
The anticipated 1944 Winter Olympics , which would have been officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games -LRB- because of the cancellation of 1940 's V Olympic Winter Games -RRB- , would have been celebrated in 1944 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Water near arsenic mines is normally contaminated with arsenic . Wood that was preserved with arsenic compounds can leach arsenic into the soil .
Small hand-made balls contain a lead pellet wrapped in rubber and wool with a leather cover .
Play does stop for oncoming automobiles .
His prosecution opened on the 26 April 1895 and Wilde pleaded not guilty .
Barium compounds are chemical compounds containing barium ions .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted on .
Then , Luke captures Percy , Annabeth , Grover and Tyson .
The Sea of Monsters received good reviews and was nominated for many awards like the 2006 Book Sense Top Ten Summer Pick and the 2009 Mark Twain Award .
Its orbit is retrograde , moderately inclined and eccentric .
Parkes hosts a yearly Elvis Presley Festival in early January to celebrate Elvis Presley 's birthday .
Slate is mined in the mountains .
This gene helps create sweat , digestive juices , and mucus .
Wet tropical forests are the most species-rich biome , and tropical forests in the Americas have more species African and Asian wet forests .
Most of the locations in Mountain Time Zone observe daylight saving time .
Bradley played junior hockey in the Thunder Bay Junior Hockey League for the Port Arthur West End Bruins from 1946 to 1949 , winning the playoff championship in 1948 and 1949 as well as the 1948 Memorial Cup .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
This category has articles about albums released by Island Records .
Peanut butter is a type of moist paste that is made of crushed roasted peanuts . There are two kinds of peanut butter : crunchy\/chunky peanut butter and smooth\/creamy peanut butter .
There are two kinds of peanut butter : crunchy\/chunky peanut butter and smooth\/creamy peanut butter .
Peanut butter is a type of moist paste that is made of crushed roasted peanuts .
Three other Pacific storms and three Atlantic storms also affected Mexico .
The climate in Lower Egypt is milder than that of Upper Egypt .
Its patron goddess was the cobra goddess Wadjet .
Books of collections of articles are :
Advance Wars is a video game for the Game Boy Advance .
Timmy later frees Jenny .
They divorced shortly afterwards .
Backor retired from hockey in 1956 .
A&M Records was started by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
In 2005 Fischer was accused by critics of carelessly relaxing controls on visa regulations for Ukraine , thus allowing many illegal immigrants to enter Germany with fake identities .
Fischer became Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Ideas about paleolithic nutrition come from evolutionary biology .
Royal residences and former royal residences in the United Kingdom .
Child slavery has commonly been used when making cash crops and mining .
Aizu is a tourist destination and has many mountains , scenic lakes , forests , and snowy winters .
Male Gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover , causing miscarriage .
Spontaneous abortion occurs in various mammals .
JetBlue Airways is an American low-cost airline owned by JetBlue Airways Corporation .
After her death , Carson was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by Jimmy Carter .
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
Canada Dry is a well known maker of ginger ale .
Twentieth Century Fox was formed in 1935 when Fox Film Corporation and Twentieth Century Pictures joined together to form the company .
The first four are lung cancer , stomach cancer , liver cancer , and colon cancer .
See also phonetic transcription
Ron Taylor guest stars in the episode as `` Bleeding Gums Murphy '' .
In 1962 , the Buick Special offered a 90 Â V6 with uneven firing intervals .
100,000 copies of the album were shipped .
Arnold L. Lehman is the museum 's Director .
Benjamin Morrell sailed to the South Sandwich Islands . Morrel was appointed commander of the schooner Wasp for a two-year voyage of sealing , trading and exploration in the Antarctic seas and the southern Pacific Ocean in 1822 .
Another symptom of mania is racing thoughts during which the sufferer is excessively distracted by unimportant stimuli .
Robert Roberts Taylor Blyth -LRB- 2 June 1900 -- 1956 -RRB- was a Scottish professional soccer player from the 1920s .
Inferno Metal Festival is an annual extreme metal festival in Oslo , Norway .
Before the mid 1890s , baseball gloves were worn normally by baseball players .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
Fire ants are stinging ants .
Freud started lecturing on child psychology .
The current mill is a 19th-century woodworking factory .
In 1990 Proctor Silex merged with Hamilton Beach .
Simply Bird , by the Thai recording artist , Thongchai McIntyre , is his fifteenth studio album .
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games and the 1988 Olympic Games .
Gravity is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace .
The peninsula sticks out into the rich fishing zones near the Grand Banks .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence that uses correct grammar .
Praia a port that transports coffee , sugar cane , and tropical fruits .
It organizes the football league , Armenian Premier League , and the Armenian national football team .
The sensory system controls the senses .
The Alaska Marine Highway passes through Southeast Alaska .
It was in purchased by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert in 1845 .
Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams .
The 1956 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1956 in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
An International Atomic Energy Agency appraisal showed that releases are low and localized .
No globes of the Earth from Antiquity or the Middle Ages have survived .
Leading a gang of escaped convicts , Donahue became an important person in Australian folklore as the Wild Colonial Boy .
Bates College was founded in 1855 .
After turning to the northeast , Beryl weakened over cooler waters .
Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light , with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph ; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph .
Silk strings are made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread , then twisting them tightly together .
Problems soon arose .
At the northern end of the island , the Philippine Mobile Belt sank under the Eurasian Plate .
Nickel Creek released Why Should the Fire Die ?
Boynton Beach was founded in 1920 .
k Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard Lola entries .
Subsequently became Red Bull Racing .
i Leyton House formerly March Engineering .
f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .
Subsequently became Wolf .
Prior to 1972 FWRC ran customer chassis .
u Stewart subsequently became Jaguar Racing .
x Wolf formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars .
t Spyker formerly Jordan Grand Prix and Midland F1 Racing ; subsequently became Force India .
Its borders were altered in 1866 and 1868 .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
Doppler radar uses the Doppler effect to measure the radial velocity of targets in the antenna 's directional beam .
Both Girls Aloud and Sophie Ellis-Bextor transferred to the new label .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
Nancy Drew is a fictional character .
Goodbye Lullaby is the fourth studio album by Canadian Avril Lavigne .
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declared a statewide emergency .
The winner receives $ 10,000 .
Local drag races are common on the circuit .
The circuit hosts the NISMO Festival for historic Nissan racers .
The Fuji circuit is known to fans of the arcade racing game Pole Position , as cars raced on the circuit .
From Georges Head , miners watched for ships entering the harbor .
Teams had to make two mandatory pit stops during the Feature Race .
Apple was started in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak .
Alpha decay , beta decay and gamma decay are the most common types of radioactive decay .
During mating rituals , mantis shrimp actively fluoresce , and the wavelength of this fluorescence matches the wavelengths detected by their eye pigments .
He retired in 1975 as emeritus professor of zoology , showered with honors .
Peanut butter peanut brittle and candy bars are also often eaten .
Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy , salted nuts , and peanut butter .
Peanut pods are borne on pegs arising from the main stem and the side branches .
Seeds are oval and tightly crowded into the pods .
The current mayor is Jim Lane .
From 800 AD to 1400 AD , this ancient civilization farmed the area and built ingenious irrigation canals .
Since 1948 the Cattle Egret has been permanently resident in Israel .
The Armenian Revolutionary Federation -LRB- ARF or Õ Õ
Highways and railroad tracks connect Suez to the cities of Cairo , Port Said and Ismailia .
From 4 May 1910 to 29 August 1911 the navy was known officially as the Naval Service of Canada and operationally as Canadian Naval Forces .
Leonard Bernstein was Music Director for 11 seasons .
His wife was Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria .
Oscar Moore played the guitar and Wesley Prince played the bass .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
Part of the Buena Vista Motion Pictures Group , the studio also has Walt Disney Feature Animation and DisneyToon Studios .
About 95 species are currently known .
Cooking also kills parasites and food poisoning bacteria .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` benign virtue . ''
He is buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond .
Stephen Carr -LRB- born 29 August 1976 -RRB- is an Irish football player .
Born won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Electric blankets are heated by electricity .
Dear Boy was in context with Oldowan tools and animal bones .
Stephen Ireland -LRB- born 22 August 1986 -RRB- is an Irish football player .
Others singers influenced by it include Nick Cave and Paul Kelly .
Sara Delano Roosevelt was her mother-in-law .
Dominic is the patron saint of astronomers and the Dominican Republic .
The rugged Armenian terrain was favorable to Roman infantry , but unfavorable to Sassanid cavalry .
They are located in or near the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness within Superior National Forest .
By 1955 , the ISCC-NBS Dictionary of Color Names listed dozens of different shades of lavender .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted .
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban .
Keith Urban is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban . It was released on October 19 , 1999 .
Syrians are mainly Arabic speakers .
Fluorine is normally made by electrolysis . Hydrogen fluoride is dissolved in potassium fluoride .
Station is owned by Salem Communications .
The geometric proportions of the flag were legally standardized with the Turkish Flag Law in 1936 .
Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating , rigid foam insulation panels , microcellular foam seals and gaskets , durable elastomeric wheels and tires , automotive suspension bushings , electrical potting compounds , high performance adhesives and sealants , Spandex fibers , seals , gaskets , carpet underlay , and hard plastic parts .
William Van Ness attended Washington Seminary and graduated from Columbia College in 1797 .
He was buried in Brooklyn 's Greenwood Cemetery .
The 1963 championship was won by Clark 's teammate , Graham Hill .
The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride .
His tournament successes include over 160 first-place finishes .
Super Cheap Auto is an Australian-based automotive retailer .
Fiesco feels terribly sad and tells Simon about the poison .
Up to 20,000 miners were digging for gold including about 2,000 Chinese miners .
The stations connect the networks of rail previously operated by the Reading Railroad and Pennsylvania Railroad .
However , Grover meets a monster .
He secretly loves Artemis , the goddess of the hunt .
Catherine of Aragon wed Prince Arthur by proxy .
He played in the Ace Bailey Benefit Game in 1934 and the Howie Morenz Memorial Game in 1937 .
S-boxes substitute or transform input bits into output bits .
This category contains the user pages of some users with the oversight permission .
Rain from Barry in the province of Pinar del RÃ o , Cuba , hurt three people and damaged 55 houses .
High seas off Cape Fear left a sailboat with three people needing rescue from the Coast Guard .
Members of the Shadow Cabinet are called Shadow Ministers .
Around 400 parish councils are called town councils .
He is also the Ninth Triple Crown Champion and Third Grand Slam Champion .
Background music score composer instrumental songs Joel McNeely .
Carrie Frances Fisher is an American screenwriter , actress and novelist .
Facing assassination , he committed suicide on 9 June 68 .
Simple Plan is the third , self-titled studio album by pop punk band Simple Plan .
From 1930 to 1932 he worked at the Albert Kahn Associates , Inc. .
It was dedicated to Saint Andrew .
As of 1999 , twenty-six pairs of nesting bald eagles have been documented .
The Environmental Protection Agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin .
River Nile split off from Northern .
Arabic language versions are in parentheses .
Around Santa Clara , the land rises into the Alturas de Santa Clara .
Edwin van der Sar -LRB- born 29 October 1970 -RRB- is a Dutch football player .
The Norwegian alphabet has 29 letters .
From 1970 he was Music Director of Australian Opera .
He was Chief Conductor of the Netherlands Radio Orchestra and the BBC Philharmonic .
Peter Cooper Village is named after the 19th century industrialist , inventor and philanthropist Peter Cooper , who founded Cooper Union .
Lightning Bar was an American Quarter Horse racehorse and breeding stallion .
Lightning Bar 's mother was Della P , a daughter of the Thoroughbred stallion Doc Horn .
The 1928 Winter Olympics , officially known as the II Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1928 in St. Moritz , Switzerland .
The preceding 1924 Winter Olympics were later renamed as Winter Olympics . They were actually part of the 1924 Summer Olympics .
The submandibular glands are salivary gland .
Gerhard SchrÃ der was elected again as chancellor by the parliament .
Golda Meir became Prime Minister of Israel on March 17 1969 after serving as Minister of Labor and Foreign Minister .
On 26 March 2005 Hester committed suicide , aged 46 .
Fox Studios Australia is a major movie studio located in Sydney , Australia .
The Swiss Grand Prix counted toward the European Championship from 1935 to 1939 .
In 1981 , Herman founded her own consulting firm - A.M. Herman & Associates .
Interstate 85 is an Interstate Highway in the Southeastern United States .
It allowed better attachment sites for jaw muscles .
Caesars Palace is a luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada .
The Forum tower features guest suites with 1000 s of space .
Milk chocolate was invented in Vevey by Daniel Peter in 1857 .
Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens
Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto
Its counterpart is the Eastern Conference .
Tahiti is an island in the southern Pacific Ocean .
Use numbered parameters to fix it .
Magnetic tape recording uses magnetic tape which moves on a recording head .
Devices that record and playback audio and video using magnetic tape are generally called tape recorders and video tape recorders respectively .
This species sometimes eats tree sap .
These engines were modified versions of the 1000 c Inline-four Ford Kent engine for Formula Junior .
Flat top pistons gave a 10.5:1 compression ratio .
Examples of animal racing are horse racing . Examples of vehicle racing are automobiles and motorcycles .
Twenty-seven teams played 82 games each .
Oliver Wolcott was born in Windsor , Connecticut as the youngest of fourteen children of the Royal Governor Roger Wolcott .
He attended Yale College , graduating in 1747 .
Organic compounds are carbon-based compounds .
Lex Luger challenged the champion Yokozuna first . Luger was later disqualification for pushing the referee .
Thirty teams each played 82 games .
The Billy Graham Center says Graham was converted in 1934 during a revival meeting in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Stadium Arcadium is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Sheer Heart Attack is a Queen album from 1974 .
Earl Rivers was executed by Richard .
Camp Nowhere is a 1994 movie directed by Jonathan Prince , written by Andrew Kurtzman and Eliot Wald , and starring Jonathan Jackson , Christopher Lloyd , Melody Kay , Andrew Keegan , and Marne Patterson .
Jose Reginaldo Vital -LRB- born 29 February 1976 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
In 1922 Ireland was split into two nations , Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland .
Cellulose is not digestible by humans .
Michael instantly regrets his violent behavior .
Chile has 54 provinces in total .
It contains zinc and nitrate ions .
Zinc nitrate is a chemical compound .
It was started in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton .
The Robert Frost Ann Arbor home is now situated at The Henry Ford Museum in Dearborn , Michigan .
Harvard 's 1965 alumni directory indicates Frost received an honorary degree there .
Frost graduated from Lawrence High School in 1892 .
Sometimes the magazine was also called RPM Weekly and RPM Magazine .
Public transport in the United Kingdom .
Inca rope bridges were simple suspension bridges over canyons and gorges to provide access for the Inca Empire .
Young ovary with white hairs , mature ovary with rusty hairs .
Long hairs and short hairs are in longitudinal , alternating rows .
Pass the Peruvian Frequent-flyer program Peruvian Airlines created to reward the loyalty of our travelers with many benefits .
McGraw attended Shawnee Mission North High School in Mission , Kansas .
Thelma & Louise is a 1991 road film starring Geena Davis as Thelma and Susan Sarandon as Louise .
He also guest-conducted the Cleveland Orchestra , Chicago Symphony Orchestra , San Francisco Symphony , Toronto Symphony Orchestra , and Boston Symphony Orchestra .
is a weekly Rock magazine by Bauer Consumer Media in the United Kingdom .
There are two kinds of articles : definite articles and indefinite articles .
Class 252 was the classification allocated to the prototype High Speed Train unit , numbered 252001 .
Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist .
Ryan Babel -LRB- born 19 December 1986 -RRB- is a Dutch football player .
Sonny Anderson -LRB- born 19 September 1970 -RRB- is a former Brazilian football player .
Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
Benito Amilcare Andrea Mussolini -LRB- 29 July 1883 - 28 April 1945 -RRB- ruled Italy as a dictator from 1927 to 1943 .
In 1923 , his hybrid successfully grew and bore fruit .
Sacher-Masoch edited the monthly literary magazine Auf der HÃ he .
Bringing Up Baby is a 1938 comedy movie starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn .
Early Europeans used soft sponges for many purposes including padding for helmets , portable drinking utensils and municipal water filters .
Synthetic `` sponges '' include : personal and household cleaning tools ; breast implants ; contraceptive sponges .
He was inspired by Potter 's pet rabbit , Peter Piper .
The Leader of the Opposition is often seen as the alternative Prime Minister , Premier or Chief Minister . They lead an alternative government known as the Shadow Cabinet or Opposition Front Bench .
Heathers won awards for its director Michael Lehmann and producer Denise Di Novi the 1990 Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature .
French settlers planted grape vines in the area in 1863 .
Considered a conservative , Rehnquist favored a federalism under which the states meaningfully exercised governmental power .
Luhrmann was also nominated for the Golden Bear Award for Best Picture .
William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet is an Academy Award nominated 1996 American movie adaptation of William Shakespeare 's romantic tragedy Romeo and Juliet .
Finnish paganism is close to Scandinavian paganism and Baltic paganism .
Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .
This template is a shortcut template of sorts .
Portugal produces 50 % of cork worldwide .
Dominican Republic national football team is the national football team of Dominican Republic .
Sinodelphys probably hunted worms and insects .
The regiment is part of the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command of the Canadian Forces .
Sudden , violent storms are frequent .
Bob Hope jokingly dedicated Best Song nominee The Second Time Around to them at the 1961 Academy Awards .
Monroe was praised for her performance and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy .
Monroe starred in the low-budget musical Ladies of the Chorus .
Starring roles in Billy Wilder 's Irma La Douce and What a Way to Go !
Djeser-Djeseru sits atop a series of agricultural terraces that once were graced with lush gardens .
Past the Talbot pub & restaurant is the Football pitch and tennis courts .
Early symptoms include headache , a thick-feeling tongue , thirst , sweating , and vomiting .
The craft detected complex structures in Saturn 's rings , and studied the atmospheres of Saturn and Titan .
The chamber pot was originally designed for females .
Female African elephants have tusks , but female Asian elephants do not .
African elephants are larger and have bigger ears .
Hugh Stephen Orde OBE is the Chief Constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland .
Jefferson County is part of the Tallahassee , Florida , Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The Seven Gods of Fortune , commonly called the Seven Lucky Gods in English , refer to the seven gods of good fortune in Japanese mythology and folklore .
Blairlogie mainly comprises 17th-19th-century cottages .
Ex-Arch Enemy guitarist Fredrik Ã
FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with Tooth & Nail Records .
The Glasgow Subway is a subway system serving Glasgow , Scotland , UK .
The series starred Faith Ford as Hope and Kelly Ripa as Faith .
Keith Urban is the debut studio album by Austalian country singer Keith Urban .
Nucleosomes can inhibit or facilitate transcription .
Most tornadoes begin as funnel clouds .
Gin is flavored with juniper berries .
A currency conversion template to ease these conversion tasks is planned .
Tribal raiding into British-ruled territory was a constant problem for the British , requiring frequent punitive expeditions between 1860 and 1945 .
An audience is simultaneously processing both verbal and nonverbal cues .
Wood Green is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly Line .
It is located at junction of Wood Green High Road and Lordship Lane .
Also affecting convertibility is a series of customs regulations restricting the import and export of rupees .
Same templates create their own fake thumbnail frames .
Zanzibar exports spices , seaweed and fine raffia .
Ireland contains the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
He isolated malaria parasites from the salivary glands of mosquitoes that had fed on infected birds .
Apple juice is the juice from apples .
Red Bull sponsors Red Bull Air Race , Red Bull Crashed Ice .
Dietrich Mateschitz , an Austrian entrepreneur , developed the Red Bull Energy Drink brand .
Over 430,000 inhabitants live in the Greater Metropolitan Area of Coimbra .
The Prince Leopold , Duke of Albany -LRB- Leopold George Duncan Albert ; 7 April 1853 -- 28 March 1884 -RRB- was a member of the British Royal Family , a son of Queen Victoria and Albert , Prince Consort .
Abbott Peak stands between Mount Erebus and Mount Bird .
Radames pleads with the king to spare Aida and Amonasro .
It is the sequel to Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising for the Game Boy Advance .
He is buried at Turin Cathedral .
Vince screwed Michaels , claiming he submitted to the move , and declared Shane the winner via submission .
After winning the battle royal , he kissed Lilian Garcia .
Edgar Allan Poe was born on January 19 , 1809 to two touring & vaudeville actors , David Poe Jr. and Elizabeth Arnold Hopkins .
Nate caused light rainfall and gusty winds on Bermuda .
In the 1960s , Palm Beach County 's first enclosed shopping mall , the Palm Beach Mall , and an indoor arena were completed .
Celia was the strongest Atlantic hurricane of 1970 .
Moss also supports the Elton John AIDS Foundation , the Hoping Foundation , the Lucie Blackman Trust , Make Poverty History , Comic Relief and Homes of Hope which her close friend Sadie Frost also supports .
In Pakistan , the desert covers eastern Sindh province and the southeastern portion of Pakistan 's Punjab province .
The Northern Territory 's Chief Minister , is normally whoever controls the Legislative Assembly , is appointed by the Administrator .
Its patron saints are Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint George .
Jamestown is a hamlet in Fife , Scotland .
The film stars Bridget Fonda and Jennifer Jason Leigh .
Loans can be broadly classified as either secured or unsecured loans .
The Praetorian Guard were bribed to betray Nero , and Nero committed suicide .
To the northeast , McClure Strait separates the island from Prince Patrick Island and Melville Island .
It produces malt beverages like beer , shandy , iced tea , bottled water and carbonated soft drinks .
In 1999 , Pacific Sun iced tea was launched .
In 1986 , The Wild Bunch dissolved .
Some examples of the UK bases are RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland , RAF Valley in Wales , RAF Aldergrove in Northern Ireland and RAF Linton-on Ouse in England .
Currently , the mayor of Oslo is Fabian Stang from the Conservative Party .
The Village Phone Program was awarded the 2004 Petersburg Prize of EUR 100,000 for Technology to Development .
The Development Gateway Foundation said :
Residual graphite from a pencil stick is not poisonous , and graphite is harmless if consumed .
Over 14 billion pencils are manufactured worldwide annually .
Please note that only administrators can protect pages .
Otherwise the template will loop .
Blood Sugar Sex Magik sold twice as many copies as One Hot Minute .
In 1945 , Arturo Toscanini invited Sargent to conduct the NBC Symphony Orchestra .
Mail is delivered by helicopter , weather permitting .
The error correction mechanism in RAID assumes that failures of drives are independent .
The hurricane nearly struck the Central Pacific Hurricane Center in Honolulu .
Most metaphors are concepts : see conceptual metaphor .
Calvin Klein Inc. is an American fashion brand founded in 1968 by Calvin Klein .
Peter Reid is a football manager .
Born Hazel Reid in Newport News , Virginia , she was the daughter of doctors Russell E. and Hazel Reid .
Phosphorus compounds are chemical compounds containing phosphorus ions .
Concepts and technology of electrically propelled railways and railroads .
It is a follow-up to Final Fantasy Tactics Advance .
Railway Gazette International traces its history to May 1835 as The Railway Magazine .
The Railway Gazette title dates from July 1905 and it was renamed Railway Gazette International in October 1970 .
The Northern Areas presently has no officially named status in Pakistan .
Ant colonies can be long-lived .
Solar collectors for solar powered water heaters are installed outside dwellings , typically on the roof or nearby .
Wellington was settled in the 1823 by Lieutenant Percy Simpson in early 1823 as a convict settlement .
Tim played bass and sang backup fur The Honor System .
At first , Walters was fined US$ 4,000 for breaking U. S. Federal Aviation Regulations .
He was a two-time winner of the Stanley Cup hockey championship .
Milk chocolate has some cocoa .
Milk chocolate has some cocoa . Dark chocolate is the least sweet and has the strongest chocolate flavor .
Dark or bittersweet chocolate is made from sugar , cocoa butter , and chocolate liquor .
Kirby travels throughout seven worlds , battling enemies , mini-bosses , and bosses through treacherous terrain in order to collect all seven fragments of the Star Rod .
The Sea of Galilee is on the ancient Via Maris road which linked Egypt with the northern empires .
In February 1881 Hugo celebrated his 79th birthday .
Bennett has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for services to Motion Pictures , at 6310 Hollywood Boulevard .
This reduces bandwidth and processing requirements of the web server , and helps to improve responsiveness for users of the web .
Purdue 's tenured faculty comprises sixty Academic Deans , Associate Deans , and Assistant Deans ; 63 Academic Department Heads ; 753 Professors ; 547 Associate Professors and 447 Assistant Professors .
Cape Hatteras is a cape on the coast of North Carolina .
In 1991 , after Armstrong and Freeman recruited drummer Brett Reed , Rancid officially became Rancid .
The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
Hurricane Lane was the strongest Pacific hurricane that made landfall in Mexico since Hurricane Kenna .
Rules and Order .
The Political Order of a Free People .
Chief wakes up anyway and alerts Amos Slade . They chase Tod and Copper finds him .
The 1938 Tube Stock is a London Underground tube stock design .
Walking Trees : Teaching Teachers in New York City Schools is a book by Ralph Fletcher .
Multiple floating-images empower more flexible typesetting of images around the text .
The 1968 Formula One season crowned as champion Graham Hill .
However in 1965 , the Scottish Unionist Party merged with the Conservative Party which triggered a decline in Conservative support across Scotland .
It can shoot about 250 meters .
Hurricane Bonnie started on August 19 , as a tropical depression .
Chromium compounds are chemical compounds containing chromium ions .
With Herbert von Karajan conducting Pavarotti sang Manrico in Il trovatore .
In 1976 Pavarotti sang at the Salzburg Festival appearing in a solo recital .
Fly to the Sky recorded their sixth studio album Transition in January 2006 .
Whereas Aras , Sally , and Terry chose to participate .
Terry won , winning immunity .
All tracks written by Lou Reed .
Note : the races before 1973 were formally called the Swedish Summer Grand Prix .
Various species of acacia yield gum .
Between 1808 and 1860 , the British Navy captured approximately 1,600 slave ships and freed 150,000 Africans who were aboard .
Seafloor spreading helps explain continental drift in plate tectonics .
Art Director of Classica Nova International Music Competition .
It is used to hide out of tune singing and mistakes . It lets singers perform perfectly tuned vocal tracks without needing to sing in tune .
Meanwhile , on Raw , fans were immersed in the feud between WWF owner Vince McMahon and `` Stone Cold '' Steve Austin .
The Serendip Foundation manages the prize .
Martin Hugh Michael O'Neill , OBE is an Irish football manager .
Father of Augustus and Julius Henry
Became Elector 1547 .
deposed in Second Schleswig War and resigned by Treaty of Vienna .
GeorgeGeorg 19 June 1902 15 October 1904 Brother of Albert .
Frederick II 1848 â `` 1863 .
Many leaf beetles and longhorn beetles are host specific .
The Saturn V , used by the Apollo program manned Moon missions , was developed at Marshall Space Flight Center .
She graduated from the University of Melbourne with Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws degrees in 1986 .
Julia Eileen Gillard -LRB- born 29 September 1961 -RRB- is the 27th Prime Minister of Australia .
Shortly afterward , Gillard was sworn in as the 27th Prime Minister of Australia by the Governor-General , Quentin Bryce , and Wayne Swan was sworn in as her deputy .
The two Art Galleries and three Museum Galleries house permanent and temporary displays of Fine Art , Contemporary Art and Craft , Local and Industrial History and Natural Sciences .
The engineer and associate producer was Chester Coleman .
Australian postcodes are managed by Australia Post .
In Macon , Georgia , another cherry blossom festival called the International Cherry Blossom Festival is celebrated every Spring .
The Persians then captured the evacuated Athens .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Carol Channing .
Fey attended Cardington Elementary School and Beverly Hills Middle School in Upper Darby .
In early 2010 , Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress . She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress .
Her first sketch to air starred Chris Farley in a Sally Jessy Raphael satire .
In 1598 , a succession dispute between the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley , 5th Earl of Derby and Stanley 's brother , William Stanley was heard .
However , during her reign Queen Victoria was styled as Lady of Mann .
Following the resolution of the succession dispute , it was ruled that the daughters of Ferdinando Stanley were the rightful heirs .
The lordship was conferred by letters-patent dated 7 July 1609 upon William Stanley , 6th Earl of Derby .
Her mother , Lillian , was an heir to the Standard Oil fortune . Lillian divorced Robert and married Ogden Phipps in 1937 .
Peter owned several Florida citrus groves , and with fruit from the groves Lilly opened a juice stand on Via Mizner , just off Worth Avenue in Palm Beach .
The Queen has a castle in Windsor called Windsor Castle .
Monroe Jackson Rathbone V -LRB- born 21 December 1984 -RRB- is an American actor and singer .
Two kinds of friction are static and kinetic .
Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor film Across the Universe .
The zoo was founded in 1868 .
Chris Cornell released his debut album in September 1999 , titled Euphoria Morning .
His injury canceled this signing . United manager Alex Ferguson signed Norwich City 's Steve Bruce instead .
Henley has won the Phoenix Film Critics Society Award for Best Performance by a Youth Female in a Lead or Supporting Role and the Young Artist Award for Best Performance in a Feature Film â '' Young Actress Age Ten or Younger in 2006 .
The islands are designated an ` Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ' .
Invests are labeled by three hurricane centers : the National Hurricane Center , Central Pacific Hurricane Center and Joint Typhoon Warning Center .
A fishing trawler is a commercial fishing vessel which controls fishing trawls .
By 1891 , 6,000 tons of coal had been dug from shafts .
Gunnedah produces cotton , coal , beef , lamb , pork , and cereal and oilseed grains .
Her great-grandfather founded the Hilton Hotels .
These direct reporting relationships most often include : Chief Financial Officer , Chief Operating Officer , Chief Marketing Officer , and Chief Information Officer .
Team doctors Andreas Schmid and Lothar Heinrich also confessed to participating and administering banned substances .
Articles about minerals .
See UK Co-operative Party politicians and List of Labor Co-operative Members of Parliament for wider lists .
In 1919 , 151 Co-operative Party local councillors .
Holds over 80 of the editions .
Dame Julie Elizabeth Andrews -LRB- born Julia Elizabeth Wells on October 1 , 1935 -RRB- is a British actress .
The consultants released the Hong Kong Mass Transport Study in September 1967 , which proposed the construction of a mass transport underground railway system in Hong Kong .
British transport consultants Freeman , Fox , Wilbur Smith & Associates were appointed to study the transport system of Hong Kong .
Prior to its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange , the Mass Transit Railway Coporation was wholly owned by the Hong Kong Government .
Construction commenced in October , 1981 .
The magnetic fare card system is used for single journey tickets .
The Tung Chung Line and the Airport Express use dedicated rolling stock designs specified to their respective lines .
In addition , the government-owned Hong Kong Mass Transit Railway Corporation -LRB- MTRC -RRB- was established to replace the Mass Transport Provisional Authority .
People make synthetic diamonds .
Till 1980 he won with the team 4 Austrian league titles and 3 Austrian cup wins .
Parts of the Alaska Range are in Southwest Alaska . The Kodiak Archipelago is another group of islands in Southwest Alaska .
Typical magnitude eV .
Typical magnitude eV .
Arm wrestling is a sport with two players .
Chariot racing in the Byzantine Empire also included the racing clubs .
Below the crust is the mantle .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes .
Emperor Justinian I tried to restore imperial dominion in Italy against the gothic aristocracy .
Examples of Old Persian have been found in present-day Iran , Iraq , Turkey and Egypt .
Arthur C. Clarke Award
Hurricane Noel was the fourteenth named storm and sixth hurricane of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season .
These proteins mainly transport chemicals and information across the membrane .
It has a smaller link port than the Game Boy Advance .
After the Game Boy , Nintendo released the Game Boy Pocket .
Northern Ireland national football team is the national football team of Northern Ireland .
In 1999 , the World Bank and the IMF introduced the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper to replace structural adjustment loans .
An Invisible Sign is a drama movie starring Jessica Alba , J.K. Simmons , Chris Messina , Sophie Nyweide and Bailee Madison .
The Meadows Mall is a mall in Las Vegas , Nevada , USA .
Pacific only managed to qualify seven times in thirty-two tries .
New Jersey was marred by injuries to Scott Stevens and Brian Rafalski , while Vancouver was missing the suspended Todd Bertuzzi .
Established variations are for coconut flavoring to the sponge cake and lemon curd or raspberry jam in place of apricot jam .
The template simplifies the entering of addresses .
Over 250 buses and 260 trolleybuses transport about 500,000 people every day .
\* p. \* # Control characters .
: dick cunt fag bitch shit fuck loser ass gay ghey moron retard stupid slut pa ?
\* -LRB- x - x x - x x - x -RRB- .
\/ supplemental mathematical symbols .
\* -LRB- x x x x - x x x x x x -RRB- .
\* # Latest Grawp naming scheme .
His younger brother is cellist Julian Lloyd Webber .
Flower vegetables include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .
Other flower spices are cloves and capers .
Xanthan gum , guar gum and locust bean gum help to give ice cream and other frozen foods a creamy texture .
Like mainland Puerto Rico the island is US territory , though it retains strong Spanish influences from 400 years of Spanish ownership .
refers to a slowing of elapsed duration .
The exact usage of parameters can vary from template to template .
All Michael Jackson - Billie Jean lyrics , artist names and images are copyrighted to their respective owners .
refers to a slowing of elapsed duration .
Burnham would not smoke and seldom drank alcohol , fearing these habits would hurt his sense of smell .
In 1895 , Burnham went to Northern Rhodesia and found major copper deposits .
Iron compounds are chemical compounds containing iron ions .
Check options for debug mode .
It was founded in 1865 as The Daily Dramatic Chronicle by teenage brothers Charles de Young and Michael H. de Young .
Roger Penrose is the son of scientist Lionel S. Penrose and Margaret Leathes , and the brother of mathematician Oliver Penrose and correspondence chess grandmaster Jonathan Penrose .
The Franks are medieval Germanic tribes .
The Book of Common Prayer is an old Anglican prayer book .
Younha released a digital Korean single titled Audition .
Dried fennel seeds are used as a spice for flavoring food .
Lee studied symmetry principles and weak interactions .
Hong Kong Island is an island in the southern part of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in China .
Jan Howard -LRB- born Lula Grace Johnson on March 13 , 1930 in West Plains , Missouri -RRB- is an American Country Music Singer and Grand Ole Opry star .
659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun .
de Valera occupied Boland 's Mills , Grand Canal Street in Dublin .
US Airways , Inc. is a airline that is owned by US Airways Group , Inc. and is the sixth largest airline in the United States .
This category lists articles tagged with .
Start times on holidays may vary .
Snowball is the Simpson family 's pet cat .
At Easter , chocolate Easter Bilbies are sold as an Australian alternative to the Easter Bunny .
There are roughly 1,600 species in about 250 genera altogether .
Sodium chlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide .
Pain can be acute or chronic .
O Mater Dei , memento mei .
Blessed art thou amongst women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb , for thou hast given birth to the Saviour of our souls .
An Eastern Grey male weighs about 66 kg -LRB- 145 lb . -RRB-
The clip showed Sarah Jane interviewing Mrs Wormwood .
`` nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted . ''
The Total Drama Action winner was Duncan .
Beth wins in the alternate ending .
Coal and petroleum tar has a pungent odor .
Mixing tar with linseed oil varnish produces tar paint .
Sweden exported 13,000 barrels of tar in 1615 and 227,000 barrels in the peak year of 1863 .
Death Magnetic was nominated for four Grammy awards .
Greg Baldwin attended the University of Houston .
The Mighty Death Pop !
It was also nominated for Best Picture , Best Director -LRB- Hill -RRB- and Best Sound .
On 28 March 1964 she married a Dutch nobleman , wildlife photographer Baron Hugo van Lawick .
The rhythm tracks featured McCartney on piano , Harrison on bass guitar and Starr on drums .
As Prime Minister , Bowell faced the difficult Manitoba Schools Question .
None of the Mycenaean palaces of the Late Bronze Age survived , with destruction being heaviest at palaces and fortified sites .
Hope is a Canadian district municipality in British Columbia , Canada .
Students can study Music , Opera , Drama , Stage Management and Technical Theatre .
until he Platov retired from performing in 2002 . He currently coaches at Princeton Sports Center in Princeton , New Jersey .
In Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic , heavy rainfall caused severe flooding .
Florida Emergency Management requested 10 mobile recovery centers , and placed hospitals in the Florida Keys on standby for evacuation .
This famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty .
Archer sued the Daily Star .
Clarence S. Campbell Bowl
Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering enough Polish currency counterfeited to severely affect the Polish economy .
Through levying enormous custom duties , Prussia accelerated the inevitable collapse of the Commonwealth -LRB- EB . -RRB-
Polish revolutionaries participated in uprisings in Prussia , Austrian Empire and Imperial Russia Polish legions fought alongside Napoleon and under the slogan of For our freedom and yours participated widely in the Spring of Nations -LRB- particularly Hungarian Revolution -LRB- 1848 -RRB- -RRB- .
Prussia signed a treaty with Russia , agreeing that Polish reforms would be revoked and both countries would receive chunks of Commonwealth territory .
by Philip K. Dick .
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid .
Run by Far East Travel
The tower on Tower Hill was levelled .
Jay Barnes in `` Florida 's Hurricane History '' pg 56 , noted a hurricane , possibly the same , that smashed Cape Florida and Key Biscayne , creating the Norris Cut and knocking over the Ponce de Leon lighthouse .
This hurricane caused 105 deaths .
They are James Dean Bradfield -LRB- vocals , guitars -RRB- , Nicky Wire -LRB- bass , occasional vocals -RRB- and Sean Moore -LRB- drums , backing vocals , occasional trumpet -RRB- .
The Baltimore Orioles is a Major League Baseball team in Baltimore , Maryland .
Strong flooding and hailstorms also resulted .
`` Mad '' Max Rockatansky is a fictional character appearing in the Mad Max films .
Playhouse Disney Live on Stage !
features a 3-D audio presentation starring comedian Drew Carey .
Next door , Sounds Dangerous !
Uncle Daddy won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People , ages 10-12 category in 2002 .
It won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People , ages 10-12 category in 2002 .
Hurricane Paloma was the seventeenth tropical cyclone , sixteenth tropical storm , eighth hurricane and fifth major hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season .
Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary , Mount View Elementary , Southern Heights Elementary , and White Center Heights Elementary .
He was the grandson of Otto Wilhelm von Struve and the great-grandson of Friedrich Wilhelm von Struve .
Port Dover Composite School is a public high school in Port Dover , Ontario , Canada .
Following the firing of Jason Everman , Shepherd was then hired .
Opposition ceased as soon as wartime shortages ended .
Two examples are linear equations and quadratic equations .
There will also be an additional parking ramp , adding 8,000 parking spaces .
The mall employs over 12,000 workers .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach lots of times since Super Mario Bros. . In a role reversal , Peach rescues Mario in Super Princess Peach .
Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins for the Game Boy saw the arrival of Wario , Mario 's counterpart .
In a role reversal , Peach rescues Mario in Super Princess Peach .
Mario rescued Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land for the Game Boy . In Super Smash Bros. .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach lots of times since Super Mario Bros. .
Mario rescued Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land for the Game Boy .
Palomar Observatory is a privately owned observatory in San Diego County , California , 90 miles -LRB- 145 km -RRB- southeast of Mount Wilson Observatory , on Palomar Mountain in the Palomar Mountain Range .
Things go wrong , however , when Homer invites `` Principal Skinner '' over for dinner and Skinner instead falls for Selma 's twin sister Patty .
Hong Kong national football team is the national football team of Hong Kong .
The 1955 diesel locomotive classes are given in brackets where applicable .
Cities in Australia .
The Australian Parliament first met in the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne in 1901 .
The song `` Can You Feel the Love Tonight '' by Elton John and Tim Rice won the Academy Award for Best Original Song , the Golden Globe for Best Original Song , the BMI Film Music Award , and the Grammy Award for Best Vocal Performance Male .
So barium sulfate is reduced by carbon to make barium sulfide and carbon dioxide . The barium sulfide is dissolved in hydrochloric acid .
Example : yields .
Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico .
The storm flooded lobbies of hotels along the coast .
Tecpan bore the brunt of the storm , reporting heavy damage .
Approximately 12 boats were sunk offshore .
The earliest conductors were Archer , Victor Herbert and Emil Paur .
Her twin sister is Barbara Pierce Bush .
She has played violin 4th through 8th grade .
In 1971 , Tech finished 6-6 after a Peach Bowl loss .
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Chuck Noll hired Carson as defensive coordinator in 1972 .
Minute Maid makes juices , lemonade and other soft drinks . Minute Maid was the first company to make orange juice from concentrate .
This remake is called Kirby Super Star Ultra .
For Broadway Cares , Michele has participated in Broadway Barks , Broadway Bares , Easter Bonnet Competition and The Flea Market and Grand Auction .
Konkani Muslims use Arabic script .
He conducted the first performance of Das Lied von der Erde with the Vienna Philharmonic .
Bedford has two rugby union teams called Bedford Blues and Bedford Athletic .
She was buried at Westminster Abbey .
Feeding on nectar also avoids the risks of struggles with prey , and the costs of producing venom and digestive enzymes .
Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell .
Oregon Inlet is an inlet along North Carolina 's Outer Banks .
A textile factory was founded in 1732 .
Statistical hypothesis testing is based on the assessment of differences and similarities between frequency distributions .
Elevator doors protect riders from falling into the shaft .
Hydraulic lifts are usually slower than traction lifts .
Oxford English Dictionary .
Oxford University Press .
In 2009 , the Forum hosted the Southeastern Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament .
The Cincinnati Base Ball Club started in 1866 and played teams in the National Association of Base Ball Players 1867 to 1870 .
Sharon creates chandeliers in her workshop in Auckland .
Their navy reached Thailand , Burma and Sumatra .
In 1991 , she graduated from Istanbul Municipal Music School where she studied classical opera .
Part of the costume detached , and Jackson 's breast was briefly exposed .
Hub Airport of Japan ` s flag carrier Japan Airlines .
The Memphis Flyer estimated that Sharpton attracted about 250 supporters .
Author Jerome Corsi was interviewed in July 2008 .
Its guests have included author Jerome Corsi , Minuteman Project leader Jim Gilchrist , former Constitution Party presidential candidate Michael Peroutka , actor Sonny Landham , British National Party leader Nick Griffin , Vermont secessionist Thomas Naylor , and paleoconservative activist Pat Buchanan .
The Revised Julian calendar is a variation of the Julian calendar .
Letters to the President is the debut album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson .
The Alfa Romeo 155 was a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo .
The devil 's stone weighs 220 tons .
Almost all wattles have cream to golden colored flowers .
He wrote a ballet Le dit des jeux du monde in 1918 .
This template converts ONS codes to population , rank & density for Scottish councils .
Abstract algebra is a part of math which studies algebraic structures .
It is more accurate to call sexually transmitted diseases sexually transmissible diseases .
This creates FM stereo sound .
Dean moved west-northwest from the eastern Atlantic Ocean through the Saint Lucia Channel and into the Caribbean Sea .
Section 81 says that all Commonwealth revenue shall form the Consolidated Revenue Fund .
The ensuing constitutional crisis was resolved dramatically when the Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed the Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam , appointing Malcolm Fraser as caretaker Prime Minister pending the 1975 general election .
Section 90 gives the Commonwealth exclusive power over duties of custom and excise .
Queen Victoria signed it on 9 July 1900 .
Good Luck Chuck is a 2007 comedy movie starring Jessica Alba and Dane Cook .
Adelaide Zoo is Australia 's second oldest zoo .
Hurricane Debby moved north-northeast , affecting Bermuda with tropical storm-force winds .
The tree produces fragrant and nectar-producing flowers , the medicinal herb lime blossom .
Cook Islands national football team is the national football team of Cook Islands .
The most popular dishes with chicken are Buffalo wings , butter chicken , chicken rice , chicken soup , fried chicken , roasted chicken -LRB- see picture above -RRB- , and tandoori chicken .
Benny Goodman broke with tradition by hiring Teddy Wilson to play with him and drummer Gene Krupa in the Benny Goodman Trio .
In 1936 , he added Lionel Hampton on vibes to form the Benny Goodman Quartet .
The hurricane caused 500 deaths .
120 sails were wrecked onshore .
After starring in poorly received Oscar -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and Stop !
Willis later recalled :
This applies not just to therapeutic abortions as performed in hospitals but also to so-called illegal abortions as done by physician .
Unlike the indigenous peoples of mainland Australia , the islanders were traditionally agriculturalists although they supplemented their food supplies through hunting and gathering .
Many Muslims , regardless of their ethnic background , wear Middle eastern clothing associated with Arabic Islam to special occasions and prayers at mosques .
Directed by Elia Kazan , it stars Marlon Brando , Eva Marie Saint and Karl Malden .
The Course also hosts the Formula Student Competition by the iMeche yearly .
Saudi Arabia sees the cities of Mecca and Medina as holy .
Oldsmobile 88 was discontinued after 1999 .
Hurricane Dog was the strongest hurricane in the 1950 Atlantic hurricane season .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
Cricket Leigh is an American actress .
Powell traveled on the Continent during his holidays .
Saint Lucia national football team is the national football team of Saint Lucia .
It is the hub for Cathay Pacific , Dragonair , Hong Kong Airlines and Hong Kong Express .
The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals .
The Indians won two World Series championships in 1920 and 1948 .
Most hardware devices are detected and dealt with automatically , such as hard drives , network cards and USB devices .
It was released in the 1992 album Off the Deep End .
President Lyndon Johnson awarded Peck the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1969 for his lifetime humanitarian efforts .
Vera Menchik 's younger sister Olga was also a tournament chess player .
Countries like Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , Cuba , Dominican Republic , Ecuador , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Peru , Puerto Rico , United States , Uruguay and Venezuela .
Mendelssohn 's overture popularized the cave as a tourist destination .
Twenty-one teams each played 80 games .
Continuum theories or models explain variation as involving a gradual quantitative transition without abrupt changes or discontinuities .
Antony also committed suicide .
They were Pompey and Julius Caesar .
Oliver & Company is a 1988 animated movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures and distributed by Buena Vista Pictures .
Norton 's crossed-arm pose , a registered U.S. trademark , was featured on Norton product packaging .
Norton Internet Security version 1.0 for Mac was released November 1 , 2000 .
In August of 1990 Symantec acquired Peter Norton Computing from Peter Norton .
Version 2.0 also ties in with the WHOIS database , allowing users to trace attacking computers .
It consists of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption .
Fish pie is a savory pie that has fish in it .
Meager 's eruption 2,350 years ago is the youngest explosive eruption in Canada .
Caesar then pursued Pompey to Egypt , where Pompey was soon murdered .
Pompey accused Caesar of insubordination and treason .
A wax statue of Caesar was erected in the forum displaying the 23 stab wounds .
Approximately 8,000 criminal formations operate in the country .
Third parameter is the input number .
Fifth parameter contains style options .
The are 67 counties in Florida .
Golfers play at the Clunes Golf Club on Golf Course Road .
Clunes also appears in the movies Mad Max starring Mel Gibson and the remake of the 1950s classic On the Beach .
This guarantees accessibility by wheeled and ski equipped aircraft year round .
Economic circumstances also affect life expectancy .
Public health has roots in antiquity .
Joints are mainly classified structurally and functionally .
Public encouragement .
He played amateur hockey before joining the NHL , winning the Allan Cup in 1930 with the Montreal AAA senior men 's team .
Some scenes for the Harry Potter movies were filmed at Gloucester cathedral .
Gambling and drinking were sternly policed .
Gary Stephen `` Angry '' Anderson is an Australian rock singer , television presenter\/reporter and actor .
denotes event held in multiple locations .
The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded to the national senior amateur menâ s ice hockey champions of Canada .
Since 1909 , the Allan Cup has been awarded 101 times .
Meanwhile , Aang awakens on a floating island .
Sozin 's Comet received positive reception from critics and fans alike .
Between 1969 and 1984 , the band completed thirteen US tours .
templatequotecite cite
324 Bamberga is the 16th biggest asteroid in the Main asteroid belt .
Chuck Norris ' tears cure cancer . Too bad Chuck Norris has never cried .
Conan O'Brien 's Chuck Norris jokes on Late Night with Conan O'Brien have been seen as a cause for the fad .
The giant impact hypothesis thus explains the Moon 's abnormal composition .
The tools may also include atmospheric models , atmospheric boundary layer , wind tunnels and computational fluid dynamics models .
Serenity won the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form .
Doenjang is a Korean soybean paste .
Epitaph was started by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz .
Taxonomic references extant species -LRB- b -RRB- : ITIS Integrated Taxonomic Information System
Series D : Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers
She starting the Annual Hebrew Book Week in 1926 .
Hartman was born in Highland Park , Michigan to Elmer Earl Hartman III and Carol Davis .
At Fuji , Hamilton took pole in qualifying .
Hamilton qualified and finished fifth .
Hamilton was publicly criticism from UK MPs including Liberal Democrat MP Bob Russell for avoiding UK taxes .
Question marks on dates mean that dates are not exact .
Most Iranian Arabs live in the coastal regions of southern Iran by the Persian Gulf .
Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is a studio album by the Australian hard rock band AC\/DC .
A common feature of all cream pies is the whipped cream topping .
The High Middle Ages were preceded by the Early Middle Ages and followed by the Late Middle Ages , which by convention end around 1500 .
Grubb et al . -LRB- 1998 -RRB- noted that these surveys inadequately sampled appropriate habitat in Togo and neighboring Ghana , and they were reluctant to declare the species extinct .
Thousands of Hindu pilgrims arrive at these towns to bathe in the Ganges .
guard her sons from woe and harm !
Ranford acted in the movie Miracle , performing the on-ice scenes as the goaltender for Team USA , Jim Craig , while Eddie Cahill performed the off-ice scenes .
The Milky Way galaxy is a barred spiral galaxy .
Next flights would visit the International Space Station .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
They were originally called the Major Brothers and were later renamed Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder .
Capital Region International Airport , is a public airport located in DeWitt Township , Clinton County , Michigan .
Dead lice eggs are more yellow .
A False analogy is an informal fallacy . It apples to inductive arguments .
DZRH Television or RHTV is a 24-hour cable channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines .
On landing Columbus 's crew found TaÃ no fisherman preparing a feast for the local chieftain .
The Order 's statutes were specially amended to permit the admission of Queen Mary as a Knight Grand Commander in 1911 .
Made in Heaven is Queen 's fifteenth studio album , released in November 1995 .
Geffen Records is an American record label , owned by Universal Music Group .
The Cadet Forces Medal is given for long and good service by commissioned officers and non commissioned adult instructors of the UK Cadet Forces : The Army Cadet Force , the Air Training Corps , the Sea Cadet Corps and Combined Cadet Force , and commissioned officers of the New Zealand Cadet Forces .
The Jasenovac Memorial Museum was temporarily abandoned during the Yugoslav wars .
The Allied forces captured 200 to 600 Croatian Home Guard members .
Irish politician Charles Stewart Parnell made a speech condemning the murders in 1882 .
In physics , spin is the angular momentum of a particle .
Heidegger 's magnum opus Being and Time is dedicated to Husserl .
This template converts ONS codes to political control for Scottish councils .
The coincidence circuit assures that genuine light pulses are counted .
The first line-up was singer Jon King , guitarist Andy Gill , bass guitarist Dave Allen and drummer Hugo Burnham .
Example : yields .
This release featured 5 original tracks .
F. Victoria did not formally challenge for the Stanley Cup with the Stanley Cup trustees .
Originally inscribed the Dominion Hockey Challenge Cup , the trophy started out as an award for Canada 's top-ranking amateur ice hockey club .
Claggart returns , and tells Vere that Billy poses a threat of mutiny .
In 1956 , British psychiatrist Lionel Penrose and his son , mathematician Roger Penrose , submitted a short article to the British Journal of Psychology titled Impossible Objects : A Special Type of Visual Illusion .
In 1886 the English Historical Review was founded and in 1895 the American Historical Review was founded .
Han Solo is a fictional character in Star Wars played by Harrison Ford .
The Small Dark Spot , sometimes also called Dark Spot 2 or The Wizard 's Eye , was a southern cyclonic storm on the planet Neptune .
In 1932 , the vice-president of Sears , Elkan Harrison Powell , owned the Britannica .
When mating , males make loud grunting sounds .
In December 1991 , Eric Singer officially became the drummer for Kiss after the death of Eric Carr .
Coleman often played a plastic saxophone .
Kurt Schmitt was Economics Minister 1933-35 .
Furthermore , each tree starts with multiple origins .
President Theodore Roosevelt expanded on the Monroe Doctrine with the Roosevelt Corollary .
Hawk Nelson is my Friend is the latest album by Christian rock band Hawk Nelson .
The next tropical cyclone originated as a tropical disturbance which moved westward offshore Nicaragua .
Agatha weakened back to a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it continued paralleling the coast of Mexico .
Air conditioning engineers broadly divide air conditioning applications into comfort and process .
In 1971 Cox released his album Nitro Function .
: \* 2000 : the Sanderson Young Adult Audio Book of the Year Awards : Vision Australia Library
by Gus Gordon -RRB-
Seventeen players initially signed contracts .
Upon moving into Oklahoma , flood and flash flood warnings were issued for several counties .
Princess Alice was born 25 February 1883 at Windsor Castle .
Her father was Prince Leopold , Duke of Albany , the youngest son of Queen Victoria and Albert , Prince Consort .
In her lifetime , Princess Alice carried out many Royal duties .
Devoted to Younger Negro Artists .
It is made by reacting moist arsenic with ozone or by reacting arsenic trioxide with concentrated nitric acid .
The shortened footnote template creates a short author-date citation in a footnote .
On June 8th , 1924 , George Leigh Mallory and climbing partner Andrew Irvine made an attempt on the summit of Mount Everest .
Need For Speed : Carbon is an Electronic Arts videogame that belongs to the Need for Speed series .
The Body Volume Index is a proposed alternative to the Body Mass Index -LRB- BMI -RRB- .
Conservative Judaism developed after Reform Judaism .
The kings of Prussia and the German emperors styled themselves Princes of Orange till 1918 .
From 1907 to 1916 , she was the only physician regularly practicing in the vast desert between the Salton Sea and Palm Springs .
The sector was originally called Provincial .
Moses was up the mountain for forty days and forty nights .
The Four Asian Tigers or Asian Dragons are the highly developed economies of Hong Kong , Singapore , South Korea and Taiwan .
The Detroit Tigers are a Major League Baseball team in Detroit , Michigan .
Cattle and cheese were exported mainly to northern Italy .
Hilton was the host of The Hallmark Playhouse -LRB- 1948 â `` 1953 -RRB- for CBS Radio .
It eats plankton and fish larvae .
Ian MacKaye , Jeff Nelson , bassist Brian Baker , and guitarist Lyle Preslar formed Minor Threat in 1980 .
He demonstrated that amino acids could spontaneously form small peptides .
Polyphosphates cause polymerization of amino acids into peptides .
Furthermore the polymerization of the amino acid thioesters into polypeptides preceded the directed polymerization of amino acid esters by polynucleotides .
Seven storms attained hurricane status , of which three acquired major hurricane status .
It is the sequel to Super Mario Galaxy .
They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road , Plymouth Laira , Newton Abbot and Old Oak Common .
Only administrators can protect pages .
Other important veins are the coronary veins and renal veins .
Cranston still advises Sawyer .
Sawyer is often compared to Canadian Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston .
Both graduate degrees were in mathematics and mathematical physics .
Both graduate degrees were in mathematics and physics .
Dorothy died in 1984 and Lola in 1986 .
Special steak knives are used to cut steak .
El Salvador national football team is the national football team of El Salvador .
Vince weakened to a tropical storm .
A feature length documentary , won two major awards at the Reel Earth Environmental Film Festival .
The UIC classification of locomotive axle arrangements describes the wheel arrangement of locomotives , multiple units and trams .
Southwest Florida International Airport -LRB- airport code KRSW -RRB- serves the city of Fort Myers , Florida .
The UBIGEO code identifies each province .
Empty or missing parameters are ignored .
Sulfur compounds are chemical compounds containing sulfur ions .
The following taxonomy of extant and recently extinct mammals is from Vaughan et al . 2000 .
On 19 February 1866 , Sierra Leone territory becomes part of the British West African Settlements .
On 5 July 1799 , the Province of Freedom was renamed Sierra Leone .
Victor attended Princeton University , where he graduated in 1921 with a degree in Art History .
Victor Hammer was a prolific philanthropist .
The New Jersey Devils defeated the defending champion Dallas Stars for their second Stanley Cup championship .
Twenty-eight teams each played 82 games .
Normally the crane lays 2 eggs , with only one surviving .
Islamic art includes geometric patterns , Islamic calligraphy , and architecture .
Eugenia 's rotation is then retrograde .
45 Eugenia is a big Main belt asteroid .
Empty or missing parameters are ignored .
Flavors include carrot orange , citrus , honey lemon , lemon , orange , watermelon , and Coca-cola .
Trampolining is a competitive Olympic sport in which gymnasts perform airborne acrobatics while bouncing on a trampoline .
It is normally abbreviated in everyday use to mph or MPH .
Certain species reached over 2.5 meters in size .
M&M â s History .
As the curtain drops , the two newly married couples rejoice .
Metcalf graduated from Harvard Divinity School in 1892 .
Chlorine compounds are chemical compounds containing chlorine ions .
Gettysburg National Cemetery is on Cemetery Hill in Gettysburg , Pennsylvania .
The landscape architect William Saunders designed the cemetery .
He persuaded his uncle George Peabody to establish the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale .
The Mac Pro is a workstation computer made by Apple Inc. .
Thirty teams each played 82 games .
This trauma can include breaking bones , strapping extremities in too tightly , and using high-pressured compression stockings .
After the 2000 Sydney Games , a Spanish basketball player alleged that several members of the gold-medal winning Spanish basketball intellectually disabled -LRB- ID -RRB- team were not disabled .
Grace is a 1918 photograph by Eric Enstrom .
32 k south of Blois , 73 k west of Vierzon and 42 k east of Tours .
Sky Sports is a group of 10 channels - Sky Sports 1 , Sky Sports 2 , Sky Sports 3 , Sky Sports 4 , Sky Sports News , Sky Sports HD 1 , Sky Sports HD 2 , Sky Sports HD 3 , Sky Sports HD 4 , Sky Sports News HD and At the Races .
Sky Sports is a group of 10 channels - Sky Sports 1 , Sky Sports 2 , Sky Sports 3 , Sky Sports 4 , Sky Sports News , Sky Sports HD 1 , Sky Sports HD 2 , Sky Sports HD 3 , Sky Sports HD 4 , Sky Sports News HD and At the Races . The channels are owned by a major company named British Sky Broadcasting .
The settlements are Puerto Harris , Puerto San Antonio and Puerto Almeida .
Fresh or dried bay leaves are used in cooking for their distinctive flavor and fragrance .
His kind of psychology was called analytical psychology or Jungian Analysis .
This emperor 's posthumous name literally means `` filial manifestation . ''
taped in 2009 at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Object , ByVal e As System .
It was opened by Prime Minister Harold Macmillan .
Kathy Bates was born as Kathleen Doyle Bates in Memphis , Tennessee , USA on June 28 , 1948 .
Famous Afro-Asian Britons include Naomi Campbell , David Jordan .
Luis del Sol -LRB- born 6 April 1935 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Many diesel locomotives have V12 engines .
Clark apologized .
Mailed photographs , Le Gros Clark retorted casually `` Shades of Piltdown '' .
Used for outer suburban services , the Class 450 is fitted with Standard and First accommodation .
Dame Nellie Melba GBE -LRB- 19 May 1861-23 February 1931 -RRB- , born Helen Porter Mitchell , was an Australian opera soprano .
Circle Hot Springs , Alaska is a holiday resort in Alaska .
The theory assumes that wealth and monetary assets are identical .
The oldest complete Hebrew manuscripts date from the Middle Ages .
Penn is a former one-time UFC Lightweight Champion and one-time UFC Welterweight Champion .
A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by fast and unstable mood changes .
In 2003 , Betty Ford published Healing and Hope : Six Women from the Betty Ford Center Share Their Powerful Journeys of Addiction and Recovery .
Disney renamed the Pan Pacific Hotel to the Disneyland Pacific Hotel .
The Academy annually awards three prizes that award $ 500,000 to the winner .
The Cooper Corporation , the M and M Company , and The Falls Rubber company merged in 1930 to form the Master Tire and Rubber Company .
Cooper Tires produces Cooper branded tires for passenger cars , light trucks , sport utility vehicles and commercial trucks .
Some athletes wear personal armor such as helmets or American football body armor .
The Underground uses zones to collect fares .
Scottish Football League is a football league in Scotland .
The single appears on Cash 's 1963 compilation album , Ring of Fire : The Best of Johnny Cash .
Similarly , printers and monitors take as input signals that a computer outputs .
The Hong Kong Observatory also reported a tsunami that would probably not affect Hong Kong .
On BBC Radio 5 Mark Kermode criticized the similarity of the film to director Chris Columbus ' Harry Potter films .
The Need for Speed is a racing video game made by Electronic Arts .
In the 1950s , he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming . Kenneth Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize in 1972 .
Ascorbic acid is a sugar acid .
Snyder is a winner of a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry .
A sugar cookie is a cookie made from sugar , flour , butter , eggs , vanilla , and baking powder or baking soda .
The Golf division of Bridgestone currently produces both clubs , balls and accessories .
host Art Fleming and announcer Don Pardo .
The North South Line Marina South Extension is a underground southward extension from Marina Bay Station .
Fire safety standards are consistent with the strict guidelines of the US National Fire Protection Association .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a mosque in Istanbul , Turkey .
She played Carol Brady in The Real Live Brady Bunch .
Includes points scored by other Team Brazil drivers .
The dividing of Ireland between the Irish Free State and Northern Ireland was not as controversial .
Second , the contents of the Treaty were bitterly disputed .
Michael Collins first became known during the Easter Rising in 1916 .
Composers such as Benjamin Britten and Ralph Vaughan Williams have written music for the choir .
Calcium is part of calcium oxide .
Calcium compounds are colorless .
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
742 drivers have started a Grand Prix race .
The most famous Grand Prix is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo .
There are two kinds of particle accelerators : linear accelerators and circular accelerators .
Diary Development Department maintains this sewage farm and fodder cultivation is done here .
Potassium compounds are chemical compounds containing potassium ions .
This category is for tracking ice hockey players by league .
The Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capital Hill in Washington D.C. Mark Dever serves as the senior pastor of the church .
Franz Leopold Maria MÃ st was born in Linz , Austria .
Can include links .
Much of the mountains are located within the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area .
Based on the treaty , Maria Theresa gave most of Silesia to Frederick .
There is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways , and an activation of protein breakdown pathways .
They are named Sailor Mercury , Sailor Venus , Sailor Mars , and Sailor Jupiter .
Their real names are not Sailor Mercury , Sailor Venus , Sailor Mars , and Sailor Jupiter .
The controller was ranked the 10th worst video game controller by IGN editor Craig Harris .
A bundle called Duke Nukem : Kill-A-Ton Collection featured Duke Nukem 3D : Atomic Edition , Duke Xtreme , Duke !
â '' Media Watch , Teaching Boys To Kill
Computers excel at automatically typesetting documents .
Type fonts were stored digitally on conventional magnetic disk drives .
The High Bailiff and the Deputy High Bailiff are ex officio Judicial Officers , and other Judicial Officers -LRB- full-time or part-time -RRB- may be appointed .
His single Alone Again from the Funny Farm album achieved rotation on the national music network Much Music .
The turbine drives a generator , producing electricity .
This confirms IQ gains over time .
Its instruments typically are brass , woodwinds , and percussion instruments .
Fawcett later appeared off-Broadway to the approval of critics and in highly rated television movies in roles often challenging -LRB- The Burning Bed , Nazi Hunter : The Beate Klarsfeld Story , Poor Little Rich Girl : The Barbara Hutton Story , Margaret Bourke-White -RRB- and sometimes unsympathetic -LRB- Small Sacrifices -RRB- .
The Billy Graham Center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of Wheaton College .
Hot sauce , chili sauce , or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers .
Fresh peas are often eaten boiled and flavored with butter and\/or spearmint as a side dish vegetable .
Source : Tabloid Nation p. 248 .
John von Neumann was his assistant .
Speed is currently racing in NASCAR .
He drove in both the US Barber Formula Dodge and US Star Mazda Series . Speed won the ` Red Bull Driver Search ' program .
ranks Holy Wood 9th in their 2000 list of Albums of the Year .
Holy Wood received mixed to positive reviews from most music critics .
21st Century Breakdown is the eighth studio album by the punk rock band Green Day .
Frost and Law divorced on 29 October 2003 .
is a 2004 Game Boy Advance video game .
Cheung has been linked to Hong Kong singer-actor Edison Chen and has also dated another Hong Kong singer-actor Daniel Chan .
Tree stems are mainly made of support and transport tissues -LRB- xylem and phloem -RRB- .
Construction activities can involve a number of damage sources , including grade changes that prevent aeration to roots , spills involving toxic chemicals such as cement or petroleum products , or severing of branches or roots .
Sixteen passenger carriages were delivered for the opening .
These may assist these small organisms in maintaining directional swimming .
Dew Process is distributed by Universal Music Australia in Australia and New Zealand .
The Germanic warriors then stormed the field and slaughtered the Romans ; Varus committed suicide .
Overall , the manufacturing sector employs 5,000 people in Auburn .
From 1912 to 1919 was Picasso 's Synthetic Cubism Period .
Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia .
The Colorado potato beetle eats potato plants .
He wept openly at his deathbed .
His deputy is the Second Mayor .
Novak Djokovic def .
The first round witnessed Dimitri Bretting and Dennis Novak the fifth seeds and seventh seeds Luis PatiÃ o and Filip Peliwo exit at the first hurdle .
Andrew Lapthorne \/ Peter Norfolk def .
Esther Vergeer def .
Katarina Srebotnik \/ Daniel Nestor def .
David Wagner def .
Esther Vergeer \/ Sharon Walraven def .
Bob Bryan \/ Mike Bryan def .
Abstraction requires selective use of this structural split of abilities in the psyche .
... Abstract sensation would be aesthetic as opposed to sensuous sensation and abstract intuition would be symbolic as opposed to fantastic intuition .
Together they form a structural totality of the differentiating abstraction process .
Other greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide and ozone .
This category contains articles about Boeing airplanes .
Articles relating to the Pirates of the Caribbean films , computer game , or attraction .
It was edited by Don Gilmore .
This formula is commonly used to simplify vector calculations in physics .
Finally , the commune hosts a waste incinerator which disposes of the waste from 44 surrounding communes .
By 1991 Leningrad had changed its name again to Saint Petersburg , so the orchestra was renamed Saint Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra .
Hooker and a sizable party of local assistants departed for eastern Nepal on 27 October 1848 .
Hooker recognized three phytogeograpical divisions : Western Syria and Palestine ; Eastern Syria and Palestine ; Middle and Upper mountain regions of Syria .
The song was written by the Sherman Brothers , and sung by Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke .
Lawrence left his 8,000 bird skins to the American Museum of Natural History .
This category contains articles about Scottish golfers .
Read it sideways .
Nantucket Memorial Airport -LRB- airport code KACK -RRB- serves the city of Nantucket , Massachusetts .
Juan Ruiz de AlarcÃ n y Mendoza -LRB- 1581 ?
Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School .
Some carrot cakes are even layered .
The Naval Service is made up of the Royal Navy , Royal Marines , Royal Fleet Auxiliary and reserve forces .
Panama is between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean .
Sugar beets are grown for sugar .
Love Story is a song by Country music artist Taylor Swift .
Sierra Leone national football team is the national football team of Sierra Leone .
Paramount is one of the Big Ten movie studios
On warm days eucalyptus oil vapor rises above the bush to create the well-known distant blue haze of the Australian landscape .
For his outstanding career in the movies , Glenn Ford star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6933 Hollywood Boulevard .
Federation Square now occupies its site .
The Wall is the eleventh album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd .
The pier was enlarged to 570 feet after storm damage in 1872 .
Puerto Rico national football team is the national football team of Puerto Rico .
Healthy adult Bald Eagles are not eaten anywhere in the wild .
The hurricane 's powerful winds resulted in moderate damage and destroyed roofs throughout the island .
Fabian was the strongest hurricane to hit Bermuda since Hurricane Arlene in 1963 .
The Benedictine archbishop Ealdred traveled to Westminster to crown William in 1066 .
The Major Oak is the main Tree in Sherwood Forest .
New York Islanders vs. Minnesota North Stars
In 1793 Wordsworth published the poetry collections An Evening Walk and Descriptive Sketches .
Cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 Southeast Asian games .
Other authors , however , define thermal physics loosely as a summation of only thermodynamics and statistical mechanics .
In 1971 he is Jess Brandon , assistant attorney of the Owen Marshall , in Owen Marshall : Counselor at Law .
More recent targeted campaigning has related to the Indian Point Energy Center , Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station , Pilgrim Nuclear Generating Station , Salem Nuclear Power Plant , Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Plant , Idaho National Laboratory , proposed Yucca Mountain waste repository , the Hanford Site , the Nevada Test Site , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , and transportation of nuclear waste from the Los Alamos National Laboratory .
Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant , Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant , Diablo Canyon Power Plant , Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant , and the Three Mile Island accident .
Basic grain descriptions and types include :
According to Josephus , Herod died shortly after a lunar eclipse .
Bahrain enjoys mild winters and has very hot , humid summers .
French teams are third with 53 Grands Prix wins between three teams .
The lands typically rises to a height of 100 f to 300 f above the surrounding farmland throughout the duration of its range , occasionally reaching higher than 350 f.
This constant is called as Coulomb 's Force Constant or Electrostatic Force Constant .
The drainage basin covers 2,940 square kilometers .
Music composed for marching uses instruments that soldiers play in marching bands , such as brass instruments , woodwind instruments including fife , snare drum and bass drum .
Around 1892 , Renoir developed rheumatoid arthritis .
Most bacteria reproduce by asexual reproduction .
He conducted the first performances of two Wagner operas : Tristan und Isolde -LRB- 1865 -RRB- and Die Meistersinger von NÃ 1\/4 rnberg -LRB- 1868 -RRB- .
Raymond Carver is buried at Ocean View Cemetery in Port Angeles , WA .
Adult Swim is part of Turner Broadcasting System .
Recent fossils from Queensland suggests that the Komodo dragon evolved in Australia before spreading to Indonesia .
If sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate .
If sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate . It reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide .
Zone in Orlando , Florida .
Principal operations are from its three hubs at Newark Liberty International Airport , George Bush Intercontinental Airport , and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport .
First All-Star Team Johnny Bucyk â cents Phil Esposito â cents Ken Hodge Bobby Orr â cents J.C. Tremblay
First All-Star Team Bobby Hull â cents Stan Mikita â cents Gordie Howe Bobby Orr â cents Tim Horton Gump Worsley Second All-Star Team Johnny Bucyk â cents Phil Esposito â cents Rod Gilbert J.C. Tremblay â cents Jim Neilson
These are Mickey Mouse universe characters .
The mechanical arrangement may be a propeller with nozzle , or a centrifugal pump and nozzle .
A Granny Smith apple is a sour tasting green apple .
Average life span was 35 .
Many amusement rides provide rotation .
The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 has 4 Core Concepts .
The Brandon Wheat Kings are a Canadian junior ice hockey team based in Brandon , Manitoba .
The 1949 Brandon Wheat Kings won the Abbott Cup defeating the Calgary Buffaloes .
Traditional rice cakes like tteok are eaten as treats during holidays and festivals .
Coastal marshes may be associated with estuaries and along waterways between coastal barrier islands and the inner coast .
Boa constrictor is a non-venomous Boa species .
It contains 676 individually dated entries . The entries are from September 1939 through May 1945 .
Neither attempted to predict new elements .
A Spelling bee is a spoken spelling competition .
Leukemia or leukemia is a cancer of blood and bone marrow .
He conquered and governed the island of Jamaica for Spain .
The Brazilian Football Confederation -LRB- CBF -RRB- requested permission to assign 12 cities hosting World Cup Finals .
Franz Ferdinand has released three albums , Franz Ferdinand , You Could Have It So Much Better With Franz Ferdinand , and their most recent release , Tonight : Franz Ferdinand .
Muller frequently warned of the long-term dangers of radioactive fallout from nuclear explosions .
The alto recorder is bigger than the soprano recorder .
Diphu Pass is a strategic route to southern South Tibet .
Amory Bloch Lovins is Chairman and Chief Scientist of the Rocky Mountain Institute .
She studied at Nashville Female Academy in Nashville , Tennessee .
Eight professional wrestling matches were featured on the event 's card .
Special : joint - ad .
Gamma rays are like x-rays .
The nickel carbonyl is blown into nickel pellets , where it coats the pellets with pure nickel and puts out carbon monoxide .
It starred Donna Reed as Donna Stone , a housewife to Doctor Alex Stone , played by Carl Betz .
To link to relevant Open Directory Project categories for articles .
Others feature scales for calculating hyperbolic functions .
This allowed the user to directly perform calculations involving roots and exponents .
One eight-inch premium circular rule had a 50-inch spiral log-log scale .
Clara and the Prince arrive in the Land of the Sugar Plum Fairy .
Monet married Alice in 1892 .
Use of the singular form lyric is still grammatically acceptable .
Wine is an alcoholic beverage .
The province relies on tobacco farming , with Pinar del RÃ o producing 70 % of Cuba 's crop , used to make the cigars that are so prized overseas .
Maid Marian was the female companion of the outlaw Robin Hood .
Eventually , she succeeded in engaging his affections .
Nijinsky also choreographed ballets .
The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
In 2006 , Stephen Harper became the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada .
She was buried in Westminster Abbey .
Cameron currently partners with fellow evangelist Ray Comfort , training Christians in evangelism .
In 2004 , Kid Rock performed during the Super Bowl halftime show .
The Axis Powers invaded Yugoslavia on 6 April 1941 .
rating = Consumer Guide rating .
Thorin is wounded and dies afterwards .
The larvae are pests for cotton or tobacco growers as the cotton bollworm or tobacco budworm .
Whedon has also written for The Andy Griffith Show , The Dick Van Dyke Show and Leave It To Beaver .
The species vary from very small to the spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce .
Elections were held in 1963 , and Khan defeated Fatima Jinnah , sister of founder of Pakistan , Muhammad Ali Jinnah .
The harbor and hills are the remnants of an extinct volcano .
The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball team in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Appeal to Reason is the fifth studio album by American punk rock band Rise Against .
Mountains and surrounding valleys greatly affect local climate .
The mercury thermometer was invented by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit
He graduated from the Moscow Conservatory . He won second prize in the International Frederick Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw in 1955 and the first prize in the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in Brussels in 1956 .
It can be made by reacting sodium nitrate with barium chloride .
Edwards won the gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games . He was awarded the CBE shortly afterwards .
Port Said has fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
Many species build roost nests .
Some seas and lakes are brackish .
Between 1923 and 1926 he published the magazine Die Deutsche Nation -LRB- `` The German Nation '' -RRB- .
Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer .
Almost all pornographic movies are released direct-to-video .
It crosses the Hindu Kush mountains .
Antonio de la Cruz -LRB- born 7 May 1947 -RRB- is a former Spanish football player .
Commodore 64 Games System was a cartridge based console made by Commodore International .
Without quotation marks .
Zinc oxide is a chemical compound .
Zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated .
Zinc oxide can be made by heating powdered zinc metal .
Between 1322 and 1334 , Bishop Rudolf von Montfort rebuilt the crumbling fortress .
In 1816 , he traveled to Vienna and painted portrait of Emperor Francis I of Austria .
This category contains albums by the Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan .
Make Mine Music is a 1946 animated movie , produced by Walt Disney Pictures and first released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures on August 15 , 1946 .
Caledonian Stadium is a Scottish football stadium .
Typically , they insert external links .
In 1966 and 1967 , Shearston was Australia 's biggest selling folk singer .
The left panel was Young Girls Pursuing Fame and the right panel Arts , Music , Dancing .
Degas influenced Cassatt .
A wedding dress or wedding gown is the clothing worn by a bride during a wedding ceremony .
Elizabeth Mitchell returns as fertility specialist Dr. Juliet Burke .
Native Italian speakers are largely concentrated along the Adriatic coast .
Contemporary scientists have disputed the apocalyptic versions .
The 1976 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Together with another scientist Ernest Boris Chain , Fleming and Florey were given the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1945 .
Solomon Islands national football team is the national football team of Solomon Islands .
Eat Me , Drink Me is the sixth studio album by American rock band , Marilyn Manson .
Can you blame us for accepting the lucrative Spanish offer ? ''
The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
Hamming codes use multiple parity bits .
Her marriages to musician Freddy Moore and actor Bruce Willis ended in divorce .
Almost 2.5 million Julian days have elapsed since the initial epoch .
Through his father he is a descendant of Saxon and Austrian statesman Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust .
Pungmul performers wear very gorgeous costumes .
The pistons are forged aluminum alloy , while the connecting rods are machined alloy steel .
Helsinki eventually held the 1952 Summer Olympics and Tokyo the 1964 Summer Olympics .
-LRB- U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System : -RRB-
Nuclear magnetic resonance -LRB- NMR -RRB- imaging is used in medicine where it is named MRI -LRB- Magnetic resonance imaging -RRB- .
Final Fantasy Tactics Advance is a role-playing game made by Square Enix for the Nintendo Game Boy Advance .
Sheffield is the birthplace of notable attorney , actor , former senator and presidential contender Fred Thompson .
Fun and Fancy Free is the 9th animated movie in the Disney animated features canon , produced by Walt Disney and first released by RKO Radio Pictures released on September 27 , 1947 .
This template employs all parameters of .
Jameson reluctantly recalled the lieutenant delivering AndrÃ into Arnold 's custody , but then sent the same lieutenant as a messenger to notify Arnold of AndrÃ 's arrest .
Eukaryote aerobic respiration produces about 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule .
LabbÃ won the Calder Cup with the Hartford Wolf Pack in 2000 .
He played for the Prince Edward Island Senators , Cornwall Aces , Hershey Bears , Hamilton Bulldogs , Hartford Wolf Pack and Syracuse Crunch in his AHL tenure .
Strong also enjoyed mountain climbing .
Fifty year celebrations were organised on 29 April 2006 by Father Laurie Bent .
The builder was James Wallace of 123 Sussex St Sydney .
RCA Victor 09026-62661-2 .
Conductor : Luis Has .
Gothic was a synonym for barbaric .
A shepherd plays a sad tune on his pipes and asks if Tristan is awake .
Tristan und Isolde -LRB- Tristan and Isolde -RRB- is an opera in three acts by Richard Wagner .
In The Open Championship golf tournament , the Silver Medal is an award given to the lowest scoring amateur player at the tournament .
Northwest Florida Regional Airport -LRB- airport code KVPS -RRB- serves the city of Fort Walton Beach , Florida .
She won the Ladies ' Singles Olympic gold medal for figure skating at 1998 Winter Olympics .
Windows 98 Second Edition -LRB- SE -RRB- was released in 1999 .
Candy Lo is a C-rock singer-songwriter and actress from Hong Kong .
Cow tipping is the myth of tipping over a cow .
Victory dances and victory cries similarly parallel war dances and war cries performed before the violence .
This list covers over 600 PokÃ mon species .
In the 1890s scholars outside Scandinavia began to rethink the achievements , artistry , technological skills and seamanship of the Vikings .
- Anglo Saxon Chronicle
Freyr and his sister Freya were fertility gods .
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
Zinc compounds can be corrosive in the stomach .
Some restaurants even stopped accepting American Express cards .
His young adult novel Uncle Daddy won a Christopher Medal in the Books for Young People , ages 10-12 category in 2002 .
Their hunger drives them to the Pacific coast .
Then the asteroid hits the Earth in the Gulf of Mexico , near the Yucatan Peninsula .
10,000 species explode across the planet .
It connects the Caribbean Sea with the Gulf of Mexico .
In 1820 , Alabama had 29 counties .
Francis was initially influenced by the work of abstract expressionists such as Mark Rothko , Arshile Gorky and Clyfford Still .
Apple juice and apple cider are apple drinks .
Murphy is openly gay .
It starred actors James Stewart , Grace Kelly , Wendell Corey , Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr .
Grand Canyon West Airport is ...
Deianeira reluctantly agrees .
Hercules realizes that something is amiss .
William Morris `` Billy '' Hughes -LRB- 25 September 1862 â `` 28 October 1952 -RRB- was the seventh Prime Minister of Australia .
D2370 and D2371 were used as departmental locomotives and originally numbered 91 and 92 respectively .
In 1978 CTI Records owner Creed Taylor persuaded her to record another album , Baltimore .
Due to expanding restrictions on work permits restaurants have found it difficult to employ such specialists .
This monitors programs and generates alerts when they perform suspicious behaviors .
Statistics herein refer to the original editions only .
Alpha Kappa Alpha is the first sorority founded by African-American women .
Newcastle Waters is a small settlement near the Stuart Highway in the Northern Territory .
Alice Cooper is known for his social and witty persona offstage .
Mercury is the smallest planet in the Solar System .
The award winner is given with the Jim Thorpe Trophy -LRB- different from the collegiate football 's Jim Thorpe Award -RRB- .
Newcastle United was formed in 1892 after the two rival clubs Newcastle West End and Newcastle East End grouped together .
Guevara joined Castro .
Final Fantasy X is a fantasy role-playing video game made by Square Enix .
Use of this parameter is discouraged .
The Alaska Marine Highway passes through the islands .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Sarah Hughes .
Written by Himself .
Sartell 's proximity to St. Cloud allows for convenient access to St. Cloud Regional Airport .
Her agony inspired Dumas fils to write about tragic female characters .
The 1952 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VI Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1952 in Oslo , Norway .
The southern slopes are often devoid of vegetation while north western slopes carry good forests .
Willem-Alexander , Prince of Orange is the Dutch crown prince and heir apparent of Queen Beatrix .
Bornholm is a Danish island .
In computer cryptography keys are integers .
Fox News Channel is an American cable television news network .
Fox News Channel is an American cable television news network . It is owned by Fox Broadcasting Company .
The modern cotton gin was invented by the American inventor Eli Whitney .
A cotton gin , or a cotton engine is a machine that pulls cotton fibers away from the cotton seeds . The modern cotton gin was invented by the American inventor Eli Whitney .
Colony collapse disorder -LRB- CCD -RRB- is an occurrence where worker bees from a beehive abruptly disappear .
Canada and Switzerland also condemned the verdict .
Aged 19 he joined the Unity Theatre in Kings Cross .
The Small Business Administration , aided with 56 volunteers , interviewed over 16,000 victims , and was predicted that about 7000 loan applications would be requested .
There are many passenger trains to Birmingham , Worcester and Hereford .
North Korea contends :
Twelve teams each played 76 games .
Code for submarines .
Code for Age of Sail .
Code for Age of Sail classes .
In 1820 Viareggio was officially proclaimed city .
Steel is harder and stronger than iron .
It relates buoyancy to displacement .
The storm quickly dissipated over Mexico .
Boris dumped heavy rains on sections of the Mexican coast .
The movie stars Gregory Peck , Lee Remick , David Warner , Harvey Stephens , Billie Whitelaw , Patrick Troughton , Martin Benson , and Leo McKern .
Pictures ; New Line Cinema , HBO Films , Castle Rock Entertainment ; Warner Independent Pictures , Franchise Pictures -RRB- and Viacom -LRB- Paramount Pictures , DreamWorks ; Paramount Vantage -RRB- .
The treaty was signed in Karachi on September 19 , 1960 by the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and the then President of Pakistan Field Marshal Mohammad Ayub Khan .
Calcium compounds are chemical compounds containing calcium ions .
It decomposes to barium oxide when heated in a vacuum . It reacts with carbon dioxide to make barium carbonate .
They shall guard thy fame and adore thy name ; Thou shalt be their Northern Star !
Thy sons and daughters true Will proclaim Thee near and far .
Minnesota , Hail to Thee !
Most net labels acknowledge the Creative Commons licensing system thus reserving certain rights for the artist .
The article about the Sioux leader is at Crazy Horse Le Crazy Horse Saloon or Le Crazy Horse Paris is a cabaret located in Paris .
The bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa causes infections in weakened insects .
Fitzgerald began singing often with Webb 's Orchestra during 1935 , at Harlem 's Savoy Ballroom .
In 1941 she married Benny Kornegay , a convicted drug dealer .
Hail also accumulated on roadways .
Six teams each played 70 games .
Production of it ceased in 1965 .
Between 1928 and 1958 Dobson established a worldwide network of ozone monitoring stations .
He raced the # 75 Ford Thunderbird sponsored by Factory Stores .
Scheherazade is a legendary Persian queen who is the storyteller in One Thousand and One Nights .
Lady Mary Grey -LRB- 1545 - 20 April 1578 -RRB- was the sister of Lady Jane Grey and Lady Katherine Grey . Her parents were Lady Frances Brandon and Henry Grey .
Bodnar was the recipient of the Calder Memorial Trophy in 1944 , and won the Stanley Cup in 1945 and 1947 .
Fine needle aspiration biopsies are very safe , minor surgical procedures .
Alan Scott was the Golden Age Green Lantern and his ring was powered by magic .
Before releasing the album , they toured with Alice Cooper , Rammstein , Deep Purple , Dream Theater , Saxon and Stratovarius .
This template automatically adds to the correct category specified by the user .
Between 1887 and 1895 , Dubois searched at potential sites near rivers and in caves , first on the island of Sumatra , then on the Indonesian island of Java .
Author Michael Wallis covers the history of the Snow Cap in his book , Route 66 : The Mother Road .
There are more than 1000 species of fish in Florida 's inshore waters .
The 1948 Winter Olympics , officially known as the V Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1948 in St. Moritz , Switzerland .
The Rake 's Progress is an opera by Igor Stravinsky .
White homing pigeons are used in Release Dove ceremonies at weddings , funerals , and some sporting events .
Girl Scout cookies are cookies that the Girl Scouts sell .
Multiple Index .
This helps in preventing accidental installation of malware .
Lipshutz praised Adele 's vocal performance .
She is credited with inventing the silk reel , which joins thin silk threads into a thicker thread strong enough for weaving .
Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Cohen successfully transformed Escherichia coli by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride .
The Toronto Symphony Orchestra is a Canadian orchestra .
GP2 Series engines are rev-limited to 10,000 rpm .
Phoenix has an arid climate , with very hot summers and temperate winters .
The Nassau County Record is also owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated .
Things commonly added include garlic , cumin , and lemon juice .
Counties in Florida .
The chocolate chip cookie was accidentally made by Ruth Graves Wakefield in 1933 .
Monroe Regional Airport -LRB- Louisiana -RRB- -LRB- airport code KMLU -RRB- serves the city of Monroe , Louisiana .
The railway also owns four Finnish steam locomotives , and two wooden-bodied Finnish coaches .
It is between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge .
In formal logic , the definition of a dilemma differs markedly from everyday usage .
Using a constant height mode is faster .
All parameters optional .
Half Hour of Power is Sum 41 's debut EP .
Now , cadmium is mainly used in nickel cadmium batteries .
Some copper sulfide reacts with the copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide to make copper and sulfur dioxide .
Such demonstrable knowledge would ordinarily confer demonstrable powers of prediction or technological construction .
The biggest snail is the giant African snail .
The specific scientific name commemorates the Austrian geologist Ferdinand von Hochstetter .
The textile industry collapsed between 1920 and 1939 .
Outside the protection of the Galveston Seawall , structures on the island were severely damaged by storm surge .
Winds were reported to be 115 mph in Matagorda , 110 mph in Victoria and 88 mph in Galveston .
Solid fuel rocket engines are sometimes called `` rocket motors '' .
Chico is in the Sacramento Valley close to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountain range .
The United Methodists commonly incorporate the Apostles ' Creed into their worship services .
It stars Mel Blanc .
It stars Malcolm McDowell as Caligula .
The YucatÃ n Peninsula separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico .
The Peninsula Ridge forms the drainage divide between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Coral Sea .
Annual rainfall is high , ranging from over 2000 mm .
A Magnetic stripe card is a plastic card which has a magnetic stripe on it .
Ponticelli worked digging burial pits and trenches .
Bragg was elected Fellow of the Royal Society in 1907 .
Navy rescue teams searched for days off the coast of Mexico to find victims and survivors .
The hurricane wrecked 52 ships and killed 57 fishermen .
Lila Downs is the daughter of a cabaret singer Anita SÃ nchez and Allen Downs , a professor of American cinema of Minnesota .
Techniques such as branch prediction and speculative execution are used to reduce these branch penalties .
Computer programs could be executed faster if multiple instructions were processed simultaneously .
The pipelined architecture allows multiple instructions to overlap in execution , much like an assembly line .
These efforts introduced complicated logic and circuit structures .
Rock Band 3 and Power Gig : Rise of the SixString added new stringed guitar controllers .
Stage 1.5 loads Stage 2 .
Brown is heard playing on the Paramount label sessions of 1930 . He played M & O Blues and Future Blues .
He also argued that , conversely , microbial contamination of manmade satellites and probes may obscure the search for extraterrestrial life .
This category is about fictional locations .
On the facade , the portraits of Otto von Bismarck , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed .
Canada Flight Supplement .
- exclusive tournament .
Jupiter has at least 63 moons .
FIFA calls this stadium Green Point Stadium .
Cape Town Stadium is a sports stadium in Cape Town , South Africa .
Also , mucus traps infectious agents .
Chemical factors produced during inflammation attract phagocytes , especially neutrophils .
The gut flora can prevent pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces .
, and played Cindy Brady in the 90 's theatrical Brady Bunch films .
Eric Robert Rudolph is currently serving a life sentence for the bombing .
Athletes participated from Greece and the Ottoman Empire .
The Turin bid for the 2006 Winter Olympics was also shrouded in controversy .
After being narrowly defeated in their bid for the 2012 Summer Games , Parisian Mayor Bertrand DelanoÃ `` accused the British Prime Minister Tony Blair and the London Bid Committee of breaking the bid rules .
Between 1862 and 1867 , Liverpool held an annual Grand Olympic Festival .
Nazi Germany wished to portray the Nationalist Socialist Party as benevolent and peace-loving when they hosted the 1936 Games .
The aviary was constructed in 1941 .
The barnyard and petting zoo opened in 1949 .
Potter Park Zoo is the oldest public zoo in Michigan .
Please use the preview button before saving .
Mame miso is made from beans .
Hayes barely won the election of 1876 , only defeating Democratic opponent Samuel Tilden after a Congressional committee gave Hayes some disputed electoral votes .
Seeing this , Colonel Giltner sent his regiment to reinforce Duke .
Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and smell .
Defying Gravity is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban .
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece of glass apparatus invented in 1879 by Franz von Soxhlet . It has a flask , an extraction chamber and a condenser .
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece of glass apparatus invented in 1879 by Franz von Soxhlet .
Between 1855 and 1898 , he exhibited 72 portraits in the Paris Salon .
New York Rangers vs. New York Islanders
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Atlanta Flames
New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens
Pittsburgh Penguins vs. Buffalo Sabres
Los Angeles Kings vs. New York Rangers
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Savory versions may consist of meat , fish , mushrooms , cabbage , buckwheat groats or potato .
This template creates an inline link to Commons in list format .
Biohazard sensors were triggered at six locations surrounding the Mall .
The Tiger Salamander is species of Mole Salamander .
Zinc sulfide is a chemical compound .
Properly made , the eggs should be moist and creamy consistency .
Rabat features a Mediterranean climate .
One Magic Christmas is a 1985 Christmas movie released by Walt Disney Pictures , starring Harry Dean Stanton and Mary Steenburgen .
Olympic Stadium is a Olympic Games Main Stadium .
Hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide are some sulfur compounds that are released when coal burns .
Hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide are some sulfur compounds that are released when coal burns . They are reacted to make sulfur .
Suddenly they are attacked by unseen creatures .
The Turn of the Screw is an opera by Benjamin Britten .
The Nazis viewed tobacco as a `` genetic poison '' .
Per capita yearly cigarette consumption post-war Germany steadily rose from 460 in 1950 to 1,523 in 1963 .
Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party 's Rassenpolitisches Amt -LRB- Office of Racial Politics -RRB- claimed smoking mothers ' breast milk contained nicotine .
Anti-tobacco films aimed at women were publicly aired .
Losing contestants also received some unspecified parting gifts .
Between 1924 and 1926 he traveled to Greece , France , and Italy .
Navel lint , also called belly button lint , belly button fluff or navel fluff , is an collection of fluffy fibers in one 's navel .
Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known-plaintext attack .
Sinope orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
Ray directed thirty-seven films . These include feature films , documentaries and shorts .
Two-time National Football League MVP Kurt Warner once worked at a Hy-Vee Store in Cedar Falls , Iowa .
In 1921 he was awarded the Nobel Prize .
The storm formed via a westward moving tropical wave merged with the remnants of Pacific Hurricane Cosme .
Sports Illustrated is the largest weekly American sports magazine owned by media company Time Warner .
AD 300 â `` 600 -RRB- ; especially Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome during Classical Antiquity -LRB- ca .
She is buried in Forbes Cemetery .
The depression destroyed bridges , flooded villages and blocked roads .
Mercury compounds are chemical compounds that have mercury ions in them .
Breed Corporation then marketed this innovation first in 1967 to Chrysler .
Palm Beach International Airport -LRB- airport code KPBI -RRB- is a public airport serving the city of West Palm Beach , Florida .
The Examiner Sends a Special Train to Monterey to Gather Full Details of the Terrible Disaster .
They are currently signed to EMI Australia and Virgin UK .
She likes the pop singer Kelly Chen , so she puts `` Kelly '' in her nickname .
Marion County is pert of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Balloon loops can be useful for passenger trains , and unit freight trains , such as coal trains .
In May 1901 , Fleming protested against unemployment in Melbourne by rushing onto the Prince 's Bridge to stop the Governor-General 's carriage .
This symbolizes the Holy Roman Empire .
The west chancel is dedicated to St. Peter symbolizing the Pope .
The USGS Earthquake Hazards Program monitors earthquake activity worldwide .
The fore and hind wing feathers were white with black tips .
The Treaty of Berlin signed in April 1926 reaffirmed and strengthened the Rapallo Treaty of 1922 .
C2 Green Tea is a bottled green tea beverage produced and manufactured by Universal Robina .
On the 50th anniversary of the Universal Robina Corporation on August 2006 , the company released limited edition gold bottles of 500 ml of the C2 Green Tea Plain variant .
Burton and Lillian won reward .
Burton gave Jon his reward , while Lillian kept hers .
Much of the archipelago is a protected habitat including both the islands and the surrounding waters .
She was crowned Queen of that event at ViÃ a del Mar Festival 2000 in Chile .
The Best of Billie is a album by British pop singer Billie Piper .
A hurricane hit near the mouth of the Rio Grande , destroying villages and causing flooding .
A slow-moving hurricane remained offshore of Cape Hatteras on September 6 .
Examples of inert gases are neon and helium .
Currently , fourteen DVD collections have been released .
Every year 100,000 pupils leave school functionally illiterate in the UK .
He lives in Sweden where he is Principal Conductor of the Helsingborg Symphony Orchestra and Principal Guest Conductor of the Norwegian Radio Orchestra .
He is also Associate Conductor of the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra .
Cartoons episode Tiffany .
The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball team in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
The Final Cut is a rock album by Pink Floyd .
Gretchen discovers she is pregnant .
The newly discovered outer rings of Uranus are similar to the outer G and E rings of Saturn .
The Australian katydid Chlorobalius leucoviridis can attract male cicadas by imitating the species-specific reply clicks of sexually receptive female cicadas .
Dan Aykroyd is a dedicated Blues fan .
Wolfgang Sawallisch is honorary conductor laureate .
In 1924 Pacific Power installed a turbine where the canal meets the river .
Partly due to this translation Albany was restored by the legislature in 1855 .
By 1910 , 28 passenger trains departed daily from Albany going in five directions .
smallpox epidemic that raged through the Pacific Northwest in 1782-83 .
Michaels then attempted to hit Benoit with a Sweet Chin Music maneuver , but Benoit countered it , throwing Michaels out of the ring .
Potter and Warne agreed to publish cheap 5,000 copies .
Potter had owned a pet rabbit called Peter Piper .
Additional graduate programs are offered at Georgetown University , Eastern Mennonite University and Trinity College Dublin .
Knight If co-op mode is enabled , Knight accompanies Bishop on missions , whose appearance also varies depending on how the player desires him\/her to look .
Playing as Knight also allows the player to unlock co-op achievements .
Bishop Bishop is the main protagonist that the player controls and guides throughout the events of Rainbow Six : Vegas 2 .
A near life-sized statue of Nephthys -LRB- currently housed in the Louvre -RRB- boasts a curiously altered inscription .
18 St. Andrew Gateway Newstands Token Vending Machine 1963
20 St. Patrick Gateway Newstands Token Vending Machine 1963
26 St. Clair West Gateway Newstands Token Vending Machine 1978
Wild roots , greens , berries and nuts were gathered in the summer .
Some green spaces are Norsey Wood , Mill Meadows Nature Reserve , Queen 's Park Country Park , Sun Corner , Lake Meadows and South Green .
This was an absurd gesture since Pascal was totally in debt .
Peach must then rescue Mario .
In Super Mario 64 , her name became Princess Peach Toadstool .
The Nile Delta has a Mediterranean climate , characterized by little rainfall .
It reportedly silted at Hamilton Harbor on Bermuda .
V. There is record of another hurricane affecting Puerto Rico on August 21st .
If the channel mode i is set , only channel operators may invite other clients .
Causes to quit the network .
The Colorado Rockies are a Major League Baseball team in Denver , Colorado .
This prevented farmers from harvesting their crops .
Between chukkas , players change ponies .
Rankin was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in early 2009 .
Unlike the oval track , the Grand Prix road course is raced in a clockwise direction .
He found Indiana businessman Tony Hulman .
Antarctica is a continent surrounding the Earth 's South Pole .
Wallace had spent 1848 â `` 1852 exploring and collecting specimens in the Amazon Basin .
Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland .
Wooden ceilings were usually brightly colored .
It is a popular route for visitors touring the Outer Banks .
Recent editors include Peter Blunden , Simon Pristel , Phil Gardner and Bruce Guthrie .
All religions except Christianity were banned in 391 AD by an edict of Emperor Theodosius I.
Example trick arrows include : glue arrows , net arrows , explosive arrows , grappling arrows , and boxing-glove arrows .
Brandon Barnes is an American musician and producer from Denver , Colorado .
Venus Rising was a 1995 movie starring Jessica Alba , Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild .
It got to number thirty-seven on the Billboard Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart .
Vail , his assistant , developed the Morse code signalling alphabet with Morse .
The Milky Way passes through Norma .
It replaced the Orange Bowl , Miami 's other football stadium .
It used to be called Joe Robbie Stadium , Pro Player Park , Pro Player Stadium , Land Shark Stadium and Dolphin Stadium .
Caan escaped via another temporal shift .
Members are elected for four-year terms .
Cain delivered four consecutive balls , all high .
Hamlet kills Claudius with the poisoned sword .
Sarah Bernhardt has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1751 Vine Street .
Electric and diesel units are dealt with separately
Fourteen teams each played 78 games .
Hamilton Parish -LRB- originally Bedford Parish -RRB- is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda .
Izumo Shrine honors this god .
When in concert Brian May , Roger Taylor and Paul Rodgers would be helped by keyboard player Spike Edney , rhythm guitarist Jamie Moses and bassist Danny Miranda .
Thirty teams each played 82 games .
Cassius was overtaken by Caesar en route , and was forced to surrender unconditionally .
Named after Queen Victoria and Prince Albert , it was founded in 1852 .
Olga tracked over Hispaniola and emerged in the Caribbean Sea .
Hot Club De Paris have released several tracks on compilation albums , including Can You Hear Me Clearly ?
Property crimes include burglary , theft , motor vehicle theft , and arson .
With 23 tiger reserves , Project Tiger claimed to have succeeded .
But opium is diverted to illicit international drug markets .
He is interred at Calvary Cemetery .
Prince Leonard notified authorities of the cessation of hostilities several days later .
Flannelette is a light , napped cotton fabric imitating the texture of flannel .
The Musashino Line connects Chiba to Saitama and northern Tokyo .
She received the Teen Choice Award for Choice Actress and Saturn Award for Best Actress -LRB- TV -RRB- for her role in Dark Angel , along with a Golden Globe nomination .
The 1908 Games had athletes representing 22 National Olympic Committees .
Go Nakamura -LRB- born 29 November 1986 -RRB- is a Japanese football player .
Smells Like Teen Spirit was released in 1991 .
Soon Marcello becomes jealous .
Parachutes was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in September 2000 .
See List of heritage railways .
Consumer electronics include personal digital assistants -LRB- PDAs -RRB- , MP3 players , mobile phones , video game consoles , digital cameras , DVD players , GPS receivers , and printers .
When other helpers fail and comforts flee , Help of the helpless , O abide with me .
Amy Irving was the actress for Anna Anderson .
She was a sister of Grand Duchess Olga , Grand Duchess Tatiana , Grand Duchess Maria , and Alexei Nikolaevich , Tsarevich of Russia .
The Psycho-Social , Chemical , Biological & Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness is the debut studio album by American hip hop group , Jedi Mind Tricks .
Kangaroo mice construct burrows in fine sand .
The prisoners sentenced to jail were transferred to Spandau Prison in 1947 .
Red Bull Racing is a Formula One team owned by Austrian beverage company Red Bull .
The first racing Baja Bug is credited to automotive cartoonist Dave Deal , whose car was raced in the Mexican 1000 of 1968 .
1908 Version Katie Casey was baseball mad , Had the fever and had it bad .
A hill fort is a fortified refuge or defended settlement .
A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa .
Until 1890 to 1900 chocolate recipes were mostly for drinks .
Few organisms can survive in such highly saline conditions as salt evaporation ponds .
The Australian Defense Force 's contribution to flood relief efforts was named Operation Queensland Flood Assist .
This tribe has rituals and rites of passage surrounding manhood which involve frequent ejaculation through fellatio .
Farther inland , the National Weather Service issued flash flood watches for western Arizona , southeastern California , southwestern Colorado , southern Nevada and southern Utah on September 26 .
He currently hosts The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson which airs on CBS .
Around 250 species are serious pests for agriculture and forestry as well as an annoyance for gardeners .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes .
Queen Victoria was her great-grandmother .
Types of terriers include Irish Terrier .
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .
Blaise Pascal subsequently used polar coordinates to calculate the length of parabolic arcs .
Saddam ignored the Security Council deadline .
Before the Advance , Nintendo had released the Game Boy and Game Boy Color .
Swedish rookie Henrik Stenson made the winning putt , just moments after Luke Donald had sunk a putt to ensure Europe retained the trophy .
This options allows to generate arbitrarily styled books with additional content .
The Northern Light Infantry -LRB- NLI -RRB- is a Light Infantry Regiment of the Pakistan Army .
Its climate produces snowy winters and cool summers .
RPM was intended mainly for Linux distributions ; the file format RPM is the baseline package format of the Linux Standard Base .
A superscalar processor executes more than one instruction during a clock cycle by simultaneously dispatching multiple instructions -LRB- termed instruction dispatching -RRB- to multiple redundant functional units built inside the processor .
The Scottish National Party was founded in 1934 .
Enoch Arnold Bennett -LRB- 27 May 1867 â `` 27 March 1931 -RRB- was an English novelist .
Airoldi wanted to participate in the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
See polar coordinates .
Please follow overall instructions .
Over 80,000 visitors attended .
Its is a mixed zinc and iron sulfide .
Kubica was leading the drivers championship after the Canadian Grand Prix .
Among the notable Sauber drivers were Jean Alesi , Formula One championship runner-up Felipe Massa , Johnny Herbert and World Champion Jacques Villeneuve .
Young retired after the 1911 season with 511 career wins .
Larry J. Schweiger , President & Chief Executive Officer
Margaret Fuller judged him `` artificial and imitative '' and lacking force .
Longfellow began courting Frances `` Fanny '' Appleton , the daughter of a wealthy Boston industrialist , Nathan Appleton and sister of Thomas Gold Appleton .
Shortly thereafter in 1854 , Longfellow retired from Harvard , devoting himself entirely to writing .
Irving encouraged the young Longfellow to pursue writing .
In preparing the volume , Longfellow hired Katherine Sherwood Bonner as an amanuensis .
Longfellow spent several years translating Dante Alighieri 's Divine Comedy .
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
A vortex is a dynamic phenomenon of fluids .
Most resin or `` gum '' varnishes consist of a natural substance dissolved in a solvent .
Maria and thirty-three kilometers north from Manila .
She committed suicide in Malta in 1966 .
National League President Ford Frick and Baseball Commissioner Happy Chandler said that any striking players would be suspended .
Native medicine is of the simplest .
Beautiful Girls is a 1996 motion picture starring Rosie O'Donnell , Matt Dillon , Mira Sorvino and Natalie Portman .
Documentation for dynamic navigation boxes .
The mechanical bull used in this movie was the El Toro brand of mechanical bull .
The Easter Bilby is an Australian alternative to the Easter Bunny .
Formally incorporated on December 28 , 1971 .
Cena was subsequently drafted to the Raw brand shortly after .
Triple H insisted that Evolution accompanied Batista anyway , saving him from the oncoming limousine .
Like the UK Singles Chart , Ultratop creates charts based on retail record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads .
The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00 .
Various religions divide the commandments differently .
Le BodÃ o is a commune .
Bradley International Airport is a Airport in Windsor Locks , Connecticut serving Hartford , Connecticut and Springfield , Massachusetts .
Example : yields .
Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex .
The Institution publishes a monthly journal , The Structural Engineer .
Northwest also operates flights from a small hub in Asia at Narita International Airport near Tokyo and also operates transatlantic flights in cooperation with partner KLM from Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam .
Bermuda : Hamilton Press , 1966 , p. 87-89 .
Mario Tennis is a video game released for the Nintendo 64 in 2000 .
His deputy is the Second Mayor .
The O. Henry Prize Stories 2007 was dedicated to Sherwood Anderson , a U.S. short-story writer .
Two other notable newspapers are the Cherokee Scout and the Towns County Herald .
Young Harris Road connects Warne to State Road 515 in Young Harris , Georgia .
A spectrometer is used in spectroscopy for producing spectral lines and measuring their wavelengths and intensities .
It stars Kay Francis , Bruce Cabot , and Helen Mack .
Silver wanted to movie Wonder Woman in Australia once the script was finished .
In January 2001 , producer Joel Silver asked Todd Alcott to write a Wonder Woman screenplay .
Tin compounds are chemical compounds containing tin ions .
In autumn 1558 , Calvin became ill with a fever .
Speaker for the Dead was updated in 1991 .
The George Bush Intercontinental Airport is the main airport serving Houston .
He won 36 % of first preference votes to Conservative Steven Norris 's 28 % and Liberal Democrat Simon Hughes 's 15 % .
Livingstone sought re-election in 2008 , but was defeated by Conservative candidate Boris Johnson on a night that saw the Labor Party suffer its worst electoral defeats for forty years .
The party is close to the Scottish Green Party and the Green Party of Northern Ireland .
The rope breaks .
Right away the Friends of Cypress Gardens , started and led by Burma Davis Posey , was founded .
Cypress Gardens opened on January 2 , 1936 as a flower garden planted by Dick and Julie Pope .
`` Strawberry Fields Forever '' charted at Number Eight in the US .
Utah is known for its natural diversity and is home to features ranging from arid deserts with sand dunes to thriving pine forests in mountain valleys .
An episode of the PBS television series Nova chronicled the discovery .
The US National Hot Dog and Sausage Council asserts that Frankfurt am Main is traditionally credited with originating the Frankfurter .
Pompey was decisively beaten by Caesar at the Battle of Pharsalus .
Farmers made sand piles by dumping the ash and sand from their fields .
Mount Fuji has not erupted since .
Important state highways in Queens include the Grand Central Parkway , which becomes the Northern State Parkway when it crosses the Queens border into Nassau County .
Martinique exports sugar , rum , tinned fruit , and cacao from the port in Fort-de-France .
Mercury can cause both chronic and acute poisoning .
Mercury compounds are found in some over-the-counter drugs , including topical antiseptics , stimulant laxatives , diaper rash ointment , eye drops , and nasal sprays .
Brian McBride -LRB- born 19 June 1972 -RRB- is an American soccer player .
They hired guitarist Jack Sherman and drummer Cliff Martinez .
Red Hot Chili Peppers were originally called Tony Flow and the Miraculously Majestic Masters of Mayhem .
Basil Blackwell , 1965 - -RRB- comprises fourteen volumes .
Its releases typically feature more mature themes than those that gets released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner .
In the subsequent conference plenary sessions Turkey submitted objections and alternative reform proposals that were rejected by the Great Powers , and attempts to bridge the gap did not succeed .
The band 's members are currently vocalist Perry Farrell , bassist Eric Avery , guitarist Dave Navarro and drummer Stephen Perkins .
In Queen of Angels Bear examines crime , guilt and punishment in society . He does this by examining consciousness and awareness .
The Cathedral Prep Events Center is a outdoor multi-purpose sports stadium in Erie , Pennsylvanian .
In autumn , purple buds appear .
A pound comprises between 70,000 and 200,000 threads .
It launched lifeboats to rescue passengers of the Andrea Doria .
Pat Roberts -LRB- born 1936 -RRB- is a senator from Kansas .
The dish consists of a sliced filling pan fried in oil , layered with tomato sauce and cheese , and baked in an oven .
This template adds new Editor review requests to the backlog category .
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream .
Dark Horse 's movie company , Dark Horse Entertainment , creates movies based on Dark Horse Comics .
Whitmans has also sang guest vocals on a number of tracks from indie-punk band Fake Problems newest album Real Ghosts Caught on Tape .
Percy then fights and defeats Ares by hurting the god 's heel .
Logan Lerman acted as Percy Jackson , Brandon T. Jackson as Grover Underwood , the satyr .
Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo , Norway .
He often attacked chess personalities in published articles .
The Key lime is a citrus fruit .
A champion who does not wear the rainbow jersey can be fined 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs . .
Michael Howard resigned shortly after this and David Cameron replaced him as Conservative Party leader .
Others include erotic binding-spells , spells ranged against thieves , and business and sporting rivals .
Obsidian cores -LRB- unworked lumps -RRB- and blades were traded great distances inland from the coast .
Jesters typically wore brightly colored clothing in a motley way .
In fluid dynamics dynamic pressure depends on density and velocity of the fluid .
Six years later Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier came to the island Kagoshima .
Traditional Swedish variations can be somewhat exotic .
From 1930 to 1941 , the BBC Symphony Orchestra regularly gave broadcast concerts in the hall .
converts cardinal direction and degree-minutes-seconds to decimal coordinate .
Chemical weathering is the direct effect of atmospheric or biological chemicals in the breakdown of rocks , soils and minerals .
Fluorine compounds are chemical compounds containing fluorine ions .
Her father is the mathematician Jean-Pierre Serre , Fields medal and Abel prize .
Common occupational titles include actor , comedian , singer , dancer , musician , orator , and so on .
Rhythmic gymnastics is a sport that combines elements of ballet , gymnastics , dance , and apparatus manipulation .
Edith Wharton reputedly modeled the character of Julius Beaufort in The Age of Innocence on Belmont .
Belmont 's sons were Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont , Perry Belmont , and August Belmont , Jr. .
The continental shelf is a shallow ocean .
While with the Rangers , he would win the 1946 Calder Memorial Trophy and the 1950 Lady Byng Memorial Trophy .
Born in Mine Centre , Ontario , Edgar was one of Canada 's top senior hockey players before joining the NHL .
Throughout the series , Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
They combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies .
Persia occupies Byzantine Mesopotamia , Syria , Palestine , Egypt and the Transcaucasus , before being driven to withdraw to pre-war frontiers by Byzantine counter-offensive .
McCarthy added pedal steel , lap steel , banjo , guitar and backing vocals to the album and subsequent live shows .
The band formed with Mark Olson -LRB- acoustic guitar and vocals -RRB- , Gary Louris -LRB- electric guitar and vocals -RRB- , Marc Perlman -LRB- bass -RRB- and Norm Rogers -LRB- drums -RRB- .
He has received Golden Globe Award nominations for best actor in a comedy or musical for his performances in Beverly Hills Cop , Beverly Hills Cop II , Beverly Hills Cop III , Trading Places , and The Nutty Professor .
Basie toured in some acts between 1925 and 1927 , as a soloist and accompanist to blues singers Katie Krippen and Gonzelle White .
In 1903 he performed The Apostles , and 1906 The Kingdom .
Tim Horton is buried in York Cemetery Toronto . .
The Great Dividing Range area receives between 750 to 900 mm annual median rainfall .
Thursday , 9th December 1813 .
Love , Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban .
Other large wind farms in Texas include : Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , Sherbino Wind Farm , Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm , Sweetwater Wind Farm , Buffalo Gap Wind Farm , King Mountain Wind Farm , Desert Sky Wind Farm , Wildorado Wind Ranch , and the Brazos Wind Farm .
The Roscoe Wind Farm -LRB- 781 MW -RRB- is the world 's largest wind farm . Other large wind farms in Texas include : Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , Sherbino Wind Farm , Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm , Sweetwater Wind Farm , Buffalo Gap Wind Farm , King Mountain Wind Farm , Desert Sky Wind Farm , Wildorado Wind Ranch , and the Brazos Wind Farm .
The first winner of the Victoria Cross for Australia is SAS Trooper Mark Donaldson .
There is a reporting point named ORTAC at southern boundary between Romeo 41 and the Channel Islands Control Zone .
Romeo 41 is an Airway over the English Channel from the Channel Islands Control Area to the Solent Control Area .
label is optional .
Cobalt compounds are chemical compounds containing cobalt ions .
Her newest album is Guilty Pleasure .
The Bellini was invented sometime between 1934 and 1948 by Giuseppe Cipriani , founder of Harry 's Bar in Venice , Italy .
Angular frequency is the magnitude of the vector quantity angular velocity .
The term angular frequency vector is sometimes used as a synonym for the vector quantity angular velocity .
It is commonly known as Sweet Violet , English Violet , Common Violet , or Garden Violet .
Catch That Kid !
MLB Rule 10.07 -LRB- g -RRB- defines defensive indifference .
Up to 127 devices , including the hub devices , may be connected to a single host controller .
He earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins in 1881 .
Wilson graduated from Yale in 1878 .
They are a subsidiary of Warner Music Group .
A digital signature or digital signature scheme is a type of asymmetric cryptography .
Over a two-week period in 1981 , 1,900 activists were arrested at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
In 1981 , 1,900 activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
The Notre Dame Campus currently enlists an unknown number of staff .
Silver compounds are toxic .
The Director is assisted by the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol .
Examples of animal fats are butter , cream and lard .
Staunton produced over 1,400 weekly articles for the Illustrated London News .
The main games , in order of release , are Kingdom Hearts , Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories , Kingdom Hearts II , Kingdom Hearts coded , Kingdom Hearts 358\/2 Days , and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep .
The reissues , in order of release , are Kingdom Hearts Final Mix , Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + , Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories , Kingdom Hearts Re : coded , and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix .
In 1929 JuliÃ n PadrÃ n wrote for the magazine Elite .
Elmer Fudd is a fictional hunter who tries to hunt Bugs Bunny .
Grey resigned in 1834 and Melbourne became Prime Minister .
Waves of European immigrants started arriving after 1850 , mainly Germans , Italians , Poles and Ukrainians .
These depend on applying mathematically rigorous serial numbers and serial number arithmetic
The book includes 36 short essays predicting the consequences of global warming .
He traveled extensively around the country , listening and recording details about Armenian folk songs and dances performed in various villages .
It presently comprises a thirty-strong team which includes architects , landscape architects , designers and engineers .
Wells also added Carol Flint , Alexa Junge , Peter Noah and John Sacret Young as consulting producers .
Numerous secondary characters , appearing intermittently , complement storylines that generally revolve around this core group .
With the tenth episode Flint , Junge , Noah and Sacret Young became supervising producers .
Matthew Perry , Oliver Platt , Ron Silver , Tim Matheson , and Mark Harmon have also received Emmy nominations for guest starring on the show .
Misiano and Graves became co-executive producers alongside Falls .
Director Christopher Misiano became a supervising producer and Patrick Ward came aboard as an associate producer .
Schlesinger sold his studio to Warner Bros. in 1944 , and the newly renamed Warner Bros. .
The Devil 's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder .
Artificial life imitates traditional biology by trying to recreate biological phenomena .
Under the Rainbow is a 1981 comedy movie starring Chevy Chase , Carrie Fisher , Eve Arden , Billy Barty , and Mako .
Lakes tint by dispersion .
It 's on their Good News for People Who Love Bad News album .
Part of the Florida East Coast Railroad was washed out .
The hurricane blew down many pine trees near Jupiter , Florida .
The Imperial lemon is a lemon and grapefruit hybrid .
The Taiwan Strait or Formosa Strait is a 180km-wide strait between mainland China and the island of Taiwan .
The fruit is thinly sliced -LRB- peel , pith and pulp -RRB- and soaked or cooked in honey or sugar to create a chunky syrup .
She is actor Eric Roberts ' daughter and the niece of actress Julia Roberts .
Saint Martin is a tropical island in the northeast Caribbean , approximately 300 km southeast of Puerto Rico .
Pepsi also sponsors Major League Soccer .
Discovery Channel -LRB- formerly The Discovery Channel -RRB- is an Asian satellite and cable TV channel which provides documentary programming .
Discovery Channel SE Asia now divided into two channel feeds .
Australia has participated in every summer Olympic Games since 1896 , and every Commonwealth Games .
Most reigning Grand Dukes were called Royal Highness .
A Russian Grand Duke or Grand Duchess was an Imperial Highness .
Upper Secondary male students wear long pants instead .
Called Subject to Change , it was directed by Jason Ye .
Mole crickets are omnivores or meat eaters , feeding on larvae , worms , roots , and grasses .
The studio lot was upgraded and modernized , while MCA clients like Doris Day , Lana Turner , and Cary Grant were signed to Universal Pictures contracts .
Production problems resulted in a $ 300,000 overrun .
Nazi persecution and a change in ownership for the parent Universal Pictures organization resulted in the dissolution of this subsidiary .
In the early 1970s , Universal teamed up with Paramount Pictures to form Cinema International Corporation , which distributed films by Paramount and Universal worldwide .
Universal is the second longest-lived studio in Hollywood -LRB- Viacom 's Paramount Pictures , Universal 's ownership partner of United International Pictures -- which distributes films by Paramount and Universal worldwide -- is the oldest -RRB- .
In June 1909 , Laemmle started the Yankee Film Company with partners Abe and Julius Stern .
Kerberos protocol messages are protected against spying and replay attacks .
Below the shield is a banner that reads `` Maine '' .
Infected cells form crown galls or root tumors , respectively .
Its natural habitat is mild grassland .
Moon has spoken vehemently against homosexual activity .
Rainbow was ranked # 90 on VH1 's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock .
Final Fantasy is a fantasy role-playing video game .
Covington released his debut album , Bucky Covington in 2007 .
excluded -- heritage excluded from the category .
In 1897 the Victoria Pleasure Gardens were opened by local household name Edwin Street , a well-known farmer and butcher .
Princess Margrethe was born at Amalienborg Palace , Copenhagen , to Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Ingrid .
Purcell is buried next to the organ in Westminster Abbey .
Hurricane Marilyn was the fifteenth tropical depression and thirteenth named storm of the 1995 Atlantic hurricane season .
Seventeen watches and warnings were issued with Marilyn .
There were reports of broad flash flooding across northern and eastern Puerto Rico .
Marilyn peaked at this time with winds at 120-125 mph winds instead of 115 mph .
Szell married Olga Band in 1920 .
They practiced a polytheistic religion centered on sacrificial rites , probably administered by a priestly caste .
Selena 's funeral drew over 60,000 mourners .
and Comedy Central 's Premium Blend .
This category contains template sandbox pages .
