The Alfa Romeo 164 is a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo .
The Australian Sports Medal was an award given during 2000 to recognize achievements in Australian sport .
It declined in the 1940s as mining declined .
Julius Caesar introduced Venus Genetrix as a goddess of motherhood and domesticity .
Bomberman Land Touch !
-- Ted Nelson -LRB- Ted Nelson one-liners -RRB-
Winchester Cathedral is a mediaeval Anglican church in Winchester , Hampshire .
Extraordinary Machine is an album by Fiona Apple .
Dearly Devoted Dexter is a 2005 book written by Jeff Lindsay .
Reserve parachutes are packed and deployed differently .
The members of this band are vocalist Scott Stapp , guitar player Mark Tremonti , drum player Scott Phillips , and bass guitar player Brian Marshall .
Dorothy Hamill is an American figure skating champion of the 1976 Winter Olympics and 1976 Gold medalist .
Their skins have overlapping horny scales .
Zinc fluoride is made by reacting zinc chloride with a fluoride .
Pillow lava is made when lava erupts underwater .
Most Buddhists in Punjab reverted to Hinduism from 600 AD onwards .
Ottawa and Gatineau comprise a single Census Metropolitan Area .
An apple pie is a pie or tart filled with apples .
Atlas then became the Atlas Mountains .
He bats left-handed and throws right-handed .
Copper compounds are chemical compounds containing copper ions .
The Commonwealth Parliament Offices in Sydney are located in Phillip Street .
The Persian lime became more important when key lime orchards were wiped out by a hurricane in 1926 . Persian lime orchards themselves were devastated by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
Mullen has invented many tricks .
Russell Dominic Peters -LRB- born September 29 , 1970 -RRB- is a Canadian Comedian from Toronto .
The jet pushes the turbine 's curved blades which reverse the flow .
The stationary outlet also had curved guides .
New York Islanders vs. Edmonton Oilers
Epicurus and his followers shunned politics .
Some writings by Epicurus have survived .
Leslie becomes frustrated by Janice 's fee for entering the toilet .
Neapolitan pizza -LRB- pizza Napoletana -RRB- .
Melbourne in Australia is named after the Prime Minister , Viscount Melbourne .
Its current messenger client is Windows Live Messenger .
It comes from Stewart Grand Prix .
Cities in Brazil .
The movie was nominated for an Academy Award as Best Short Film , Live Action .
In 1887 , he recruited the famous investigative journalist Nellie Bly .
Silver compounds are chemical compounds containing silver ions .
Jacqueline du PrÃ met pianist Daniel Barenboim on New Year 's Eve in 1966 .
Jasper goes and visits Rosa .
Thomson Newspapers purchased Brush-Moore in 1967 .
Religious imagery depicting the Sacred Heart is frequently featured in Catholic , and sometimes Anglican homes .
Happy Feet won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature but did not win the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature .
Eventually Europeans began to establish settlements .
The college was founded in 1865 by Ezra Cornell and Andrew Dickson White .
Women 's basketball became an Olympic event in Montreal during the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Danelectro was founded by Nathan Daniel in 1947 .
By 700 AD Dorset had inhabited Dildo Island .
Image is centered by default .
This template supports optional substitution .
It supports many high-quality audio and video codecs .
The underside of the fore wing is orange .
Exodus ; produces : Exodus ;
Sodium phosphide is a chemical compound . It contains sodium and phosphide ions .
Emergency contraception can not protect against sexually transmitted diseases . Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy .
Julio Lugo bats and throws right-handed .
Iron oxides are chemical compounds .
Example for such beans are Coffee beans , Cocoa beans , and Vanilla beans .
Barium compounds are chemical compounds containing barium ions .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted on .
Then , Luke captures Percy , Annabeth , Grover and Tyson .
Parkes hosts a yearly Elvis Presley Festival in early January to celebrate Elvis Presley 's birthday .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
Its patron goddess was the cobra goddess Wadjet .
Advance Wars is a video game for the Game Boy Advance .
Timmy later frees Jenny .
A&M Records was started by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss .
Ideas about paleolithic nutrition come from evolutionary biology .
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves .
The first four are lung cancer , stomach cancer , liver cancer , and colon cancer .
See also phonetic transcription
100,000 copies of the album were shipped .
Inferno Metal Festival is an annual extreme metal festival in Oslo , Norway .
Certain animals can digest cellulose , because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut .
Fire ants are stinging ants .
Freud started lecturing on child psychology .
Seoul hosted the 1986 Asian Games and the 1988 Olympic Games .
Barbie Horse Adventures : Wild Horse Rescue is a video game being made by Vivendi Games .
`` Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo '' is a sentence that uses correct grammar .
An International Atomic Energy Agency appraisal showed that releases are low and localized .
Bates College was founded in 1855 .
Winds across southeastern Massachusetts were fairly light , with no sustained tropical storm force winds and wind gusts peaking at 44 mph ; unofficially gusts reached 51 mph .
Problems soon arose .
k Lola includes Larrousse and Mastercard Lola entries .
Subsequently became Red Bull Racing .
f Jaguar formerly Stewart Grand Prix .
Subsequently became Wolf .
u Stewart subsequently became Jaguar Racing .
x Wolf formerly Frank Williams Racing Cars .
The lion also wears the Lancashire Rose .
Title Header for Route diagram template .
Nancy Drew is a fictional character .
Teams had to make two mandatory pit stops during the Feature Race .
Apple was started in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak .
Alpha decay , beta decay and gamma decay are the most common types of radioactive decay .
During mating rituals , mantis shrimp actively fluoresce , and the wavelength of this fluorescence matches the wavelengths detected by their eye pigments .
Peanut butter peanut brittle and candy bars are also often eaten .
The Armenian Revolutionary Federation -LRB- ARF or Õ Õ
Highways and railroad tracks connect Suez to the cities of Cairo , Port Said and Ismailia .
His wife was Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria .
Cooking also kills parasites and food poisoning bacteria .
Born won the 1954 Nobel Prize in Physics .
Electric blankets are heated by electricity .
Sara Delano Roosevelt was her mother-in-law .
; min optional parameter , time the player was substituted .
Syrians are mainly Arabic speakers .
Station is owned by Salem Communications .
The geometric proportions of the flag were legally standardized with the Turkish Flag Law in 1936 .
The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride .
His tournament successes include over 160 first-place finishes .
Super Cheap Auto is an Australian-based automotive retailer .
Up to 20,000 miners were digging for gold including about 2,000 Chinese miners .
He secretly loves Artemis , the goddess of the hunt .
He played in the Ace Bailey Benefit Game in 1934 and the Howie Morenz Memorial Game in 1937 .
Members of the Shadow Cabinet are called Shadow Ministers .
Around 400 parish councils are called town councils .
He is also the Ninth Triple Crown Champion and Third Grand Slam Champion .
Carrie Frances Fisher is an American screenwriter , actress and novelist .
Simple Plan is the third , self-titled studio album by pop punk band Simple Plan .
As of 1999 , twenty-six pairs of nesting bald eagles have been documented .
The Environmental Protection Agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin .
Arabic language versions are in parentheses .
Lightning Bar was an American Quarter Horse racehorse and breeding stallion .
Lightning Bar 's mother was Della P , a daughter of the Thoroughbred stallion Doc Horn .
The 1928 Winter Olympics , officially known as the II Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1928 in St. Moritz , Switzerland .
The preceding 1924 Winter Olympics were later renamed as Winter Olympics . They were actually part of the 1924 Summer Olympics .
The submandibular glands are salivary gland .
The Swiss Grand Prix counted toward the European Championship from 1935 to 1939 .
In 1981 , Herman founded her own consulting firm - A.M. Herman & Associates .
Interstate 85 is an Interstate Highway in the Southeastern United States .
Milk chocolate was invented in Vevey by Daniel Peter in 1857 .
Toronto vs. Montreal Canadiens
Vancouver Millionaires vs. Toronto
Use numbered parameters to fix it .
Organic compounds are carbon-based compounds .
Lex Luger challenged the champion Yokozuna first . Luger was later disqualification for pushing the referee .
Earl Rivers was executed by Richard .
Cellulose is not digestible by humans .
Michael instantly regrets his violent behavior .
Chile has 54 provinces in total .
It contains zinc and nitrate ions .
Zinc nitrate is a chemical compound .
It was started in 1964 in Hamilton , Ontario by Canadian hockey player Tim Horton .
Long hairs and short hairs are in longitudinal , alternating rows .
Someone who studies evolutionary biology is known as an evolutionary biologist .
Ananke orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
French settlers planted grape vines in the area in 1863 .
Luhrmann was also nominated for the Golden Bear Award for Best Picture .
Finnish paganism is close to Scandinavian paganism and Baltic paganism .
Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy .
This template is a shortcut template of sorts .
Portugal produces 50 % of cork worldwide .
Monroe was praised for her performance and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy .
Monroe starred in the low-budget musical Ladies of the Chorus .
Ex-Arch Enemy guitarist Fredrik Ã
FM Static is a Pop punk band that makes albums with Tooth & Nail Records .
The series starred Faith Ford as Hope and Kelly Ripa as Faith .
Nucleosomes can inhibit or facilitate transcription .
Gin is flavored with juniper berries .
Zanzibar exports spices , seaweed and fine raffia .
Apple juice is the juice from apples .
Red Bull sponsors Red Bull Air Race , Red Bull Crashed Ice .
Dietrich Mateschitz , an Austrian entrepreneur , developed the Red Bull Energy Drink brand .
Over 430,000 inhabitants live in the Greater Metropolitan Area of Coimbra .
Abbott Peak stands between Mount Erebus and Mount Bird .
It is the sequel to Advance Wars 2 : Black Hole Rising for the Game Boy Advance .
He is buried at Turin Cathedral .
Nate caused light rainfall and gusty winds on Bermuda .
Moss also supports the Elton John AIDS Foundation , the Hoping Foundation , the Lucie Blackman Trust , Make Poverty History , Comic Relief and Homes of Hope which her close friend Sadie Frost also supports .
Its patron saints are Saint Michael the Archangel and Saint George .
Jamestown is a hamlet in Fife , Scotland .
The Praetorian Guard were bribed to betray Nero , and Nero committed suicide .
In 1986 , The Wild Bunch dissolved .
Over 14 billion pencils are manufactured worldwide annually .
Otherwise the template will loop .
Blood Sugar Sex Magik sold twice as many copies as One Hot Minute .
Phosphorus compounds are chemical compounds containing phosphorus ions .
Concepts and technology of electrically propelled railways and railroads .
It is a follow-up to Final Fantasy Tactics Advance .
Railway Gazette International traces its history to May 1835 as The Railway Magazine .
Ant colonies can be long-lived .
Milk chocolate has some cocoa .
In February 1881 Hugo celebrated his 79th birthday .
Purdue 's tenured faculty comprises sixty Academic Deans , Associate Deans , and Assistant Deans ; 63 Academic Department Heads ; 753 Professors ; 547 Associate Professors and 447 Assistant Professors .
In 1991 , after Armstrong and Freeman recruited drummer Brett Reed , Rancid officially became Rancid .
The 1971 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
Rules and Order .
Chromium compounds are chemical compounds containing chromium ions .
All tracks written by Lou Reed .
Various species of acacia yield gum .
The Serendip Foundation manages the prize .
Became Elector 1547 .
Frederick II 1848 â `` 1863 .
Shortly afterward , Gillard was sworn in as the 27th Prime Minister of Australia by the Governor-General , Quentin Bryce , and Wayne Swan was sworn in as her deputy .
The engineer and associate producer was Chester Coleman .
The Persians then captured the evacuated Athens .
-LRB- -LRB- Image : Carol Channing .
In early 2010 , Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress . She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress .
Her first sketch to air starred Chris Farley in a Sally Jessy Raphael satire .
Fuchs plays Sadie in the Julie Taymor film Across the Universe .
The zoo was founded in 1868 .
Chris Cornell released his debut album in September 1999 , titled Euphoria Morning .
The islands are designated an ` Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty ' .
Her great-grandfather founded the Hilton Hotels .
Articles about minerals .
See UK Co-operative Party politicians and List of Labor Co-operative Members of Parliament for wider lists .
Holds over 80 of the editions .
The consultants released the Hong Kong Mass Transport Study in September 1967 , which proposed the construction of a mass transport underground railway system in Hong Kong .
British transport consultants Freeman , Fox , Wilbur Smith & Associates were appointed to study the transport system of Hong Kong .
Prior to its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange , the Mass Transit Railway Coporation was wholly owned by the Hong Kong Government .
Construction commenced in October , 1981 .
Below the crust is the mantle .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes .
Emperor Justinian I tried to restore imperial dominion in Italy against the gothic aristocracy .
Examples of Old Persian have been found in present-day Iran , Iraq , Turkey and Egypt .
Arthur C. Clarke Award
It has a smaller link port than the Game Boy Advance .
After the Game Boy , Nintendo released the Game Boy Pocket .
The Meadows Mall is a mall in Las Vegas , Nevada , USA .
Established variations are for coconut flavoring to the sponge cake and lemon curd or raspberry jam in place of apricot jam .
: dick cunt fag bitch shit fuck loser ass gay ghey moron retard stupid slut pa ?
\* -LRB- x - x x - x x - x -RRB- .
\* -LRB- x x x x - x x x x x x -RRB- .
His younger brother is cellist Julian Lloyd Webber .
Flower vegetables include broccoli , cauliflower and artichoke .
Other flower spices are cloves and capers .
refers to a slowing of elapsed duration .
refers to a slowing of elapsed duration .
Iron compounds are chemical compounds containing iron ions .
Roger Penrose is the son of scientist Lionel S. Penrose and Margaret Leathes , and the brother of mathematician Oliver Penrose and correspondence chess grandmaster Jonathan Penrose .
The Franks are medieval Germanic tribes .
659 Nestor is a Jupiter trojan asteroid orbiting the Sun .
Pain can be acute or chronic .
O Mater Dei , memento mei .
The Total Drama Action winner was Duncan .
Beth wins in the alternate ending .
Coal and petroleum tar has a pungent odor .
Sweden exported 13,000 barrels of tar in 1615 and 227,000 barrels in the peak year of 1863 .
Death Magnetic was nominated for four Grammy awards .
The Mighty Death Pop !
On 28 March 1964 she married a Dutch nobleman , wildlife photographer Baron Hugo van Lawick .
The rhythm tracks featured McCartney on piano , Harrison on bass guitar and Starr on drums .
As Prime Minister , Bowell faced the difficult Manitoba Schools Question .
None of the Mycenaean palaces of the Late Bronze Age survived , with destruction being heaviest at palaces and fortified sites .
Clarence S. Campbell Bowl
Frederick II of Prussia retaliated by ordering enough Polish currency counterfeited to severely affect the Polish economy .
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid .
Run by Far East Travel
This hurricane caused 105 deaths .
Playhouse Disney Live on Stage !
features a 3-D audio presentation starring comedian Drew Carey .
Elementary schools include Beverly Park Elementary , Mount View Elementary , Southern Heights Elementary , and White Center Heights Elementary .
He was the grandson of Otto Wilhelm von Struve and the great-grandson of Friedrich Wilhelm von Struve .
Opposition ceased as soon as wartime shortages ended .
The mall employs over 12,000 workers .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach lots of times since Super Mario Bros. . In a role reversal , Peach rescues Mario in Super Princess Peach .
In a role reversal , Peach rescues Mario in Super Princess Peach .
Mario rescued Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land for the Game Boy . In Super Smash Bros. .
Mario has rescued Princess Peach lots of times since Super Mario Bros. .
Mario rescued Princess Daisy in Super Mario Land for the Game Boy .
Cities in Australia .
Example : yields .
Approximately 12 boats were sunk offshore .
Her twin sister is Barbara Pierce Bush .
In 1971 , Tech finished 6-6 after a Peach Bowl loss .
Pittsburgh Steelers head coach Chuck Noll hired Carson as defensive coordinator in 1972 .
This remake is called Kirby Super Star Ultra .
Konkani Muslims use Arabic script .
Feeding on nectar also avoids the risks of struggles with prey , and the costs of producing venom and digestive enzymes .
Hydraulic lifts are usually slower than traction lifts .
Oxford English Dictionary .
Sharon creates chandeliers in her workshop in Auckland .
Their navy reached Thailand , Burma and Sumatra .
Hub Airport of Japan ` s flag carrier Japan Airlines .
Author Jerome Corsi was interviewed in July 2008 .
Letters to the President is the debut album by pop punk band Hawk Nelson .
The Alfa Romeo 155 was a automobile produced by Alfa Romeo .
It is more accurate to call sexually transmitted diseases sexually transmissible diseases .
This creates FM stereo sound .
The ensuing constitutional crisis was resolved dramatically when the Governor-General Sir John Kerr dismissed the Labor Prime Minister Gough Whitlam , appointing Malcolm Fraser as caretaker Prime Minister pending the 1975 general election .
Adelaide Zoo is Australia 's second oldest zoo .
Hurricane Debby moved north-northeast , affecting Bermuda with tropical storm-force winds .
The tree produces fragrant and nectar-producing flowers , the medicinal herb lime blossom .
Benny Goodman broke with tradition by hiring Teddy Wilson to play with him and drummer Gene Krupa in the Benny Goodman Trio .
In 1936 , he added Lionel Hampton on vibes to form the Benny Goodman Quartet .
The hurricane caused 500 deaths .
120 sails were wrecked onshore .
After starring in poorly received Oscar -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and Stop !
Oldsmobile 88 was discontinued after 1999 .
These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally .
Cricket Leigh is an American actress .
The ICC Cricket World Cup Trophy is presented to the winners of the World Cup finals .
Mendelssohn 's overture popularized the cave as a tourist destination .
They were Pompey and Julius Caesar .
It consists of consolidated volcanic ash ejected from vents during a volcanic eruption .
Caesar then pursued Pompey to Egypt , where Pompey was soon murdered .
Pompey accused Caesar of insubordination and treason .
A wax statue of Caesar was erected in the forum displaying the 23 stab wounds .
Fifth parameter contains style options .
Golfers play at the Clunes Golf Club on Golf Course Road .
Gambling and drinking were sternly policed .
Since 1909 , the Allan Cup has been awarded 101 times .
Between 1969 and 1984 , the band completed thirteen US tours .
templatequotecite cite
Conan O'Brien 's Chuck Norris jokes on Late Night with Conan O'Brien have been seen as a cause for the fad .
Serenity won the 2006 Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , Long Form .
Doenjang is a Korean soybean paste .
Epitaph was started by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz .
Series D : Detroit Red Wings vs. Toronto Maple Leafs
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. New York Rangers
At Fuji , Hamilton took pole in qualifying .
The Milky Way galaxy is a barred spiral galaxy .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
A False analogy is an informal fallacy . It apples to inductive arguments .
DZRH Television or RHTV is a 24-hour cable channel of Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines .
This template converts ONS codes to political control for Scottish councils .
The first line-up was singer Jon King , guitarist Andy Gill , bass guitarist Dave Allen and drummer Hugo Burnham .
Example : yields .
In 1886 the English Historical Review was founded and in 1895 the American Historical Review was founded .
When mating , males make loud grunting sounds .
In December 1991 , Eric Singer officially became the drummer for Kiss after the death of Eric Carr .
Kurt Schmitt was Economics Minister 1933-35 .
The next tropical cyclone originated as a tropical disturbance which moved westward offshore Nicaragua .
by Gus Gordon -RRB-
Princess Alice was born 25 February 1883 at Windsor Castle .
Devoted to Younger Negro Artists .
The shortened footnote template creates a short author-date citation in a footnote .
Conservative Judaism developed after Reform Judaism .
The kings of Prussia and the German emperors styled themselves Princes of Orange till 1918 .
Polyphosphates cause polymerization of amino acids into peptides .
It is the sequel to Super Mario Galaxy .
They were allocated to Bristol Bath Road , Plymouth Laira , Newton Abbot and Old Oak Common .
Other important veins are the coronary veins and renal veins .
Cranston still advises Sawyer .
Sawyer is often compared to Canadian Olympic bronze medalist Toller Cranston .
Dorothy died in 1984 and Lola in 1986 .
Special steak knives are used to cut steak .
Vince weakened to a tropical storm .
Sulfur compounds are chemical compounds containing sulfur ions .
On 5 July 1799 , the Province of Freedom was renamed Sierra Leone .
Victor Hammer was a prolific philanthropist .
Islamic art includes geometric patterns , Islamic calligraphy , and architecture .
Eugenia 's rotation is then retrograde .
45 Eugenia is a big Main belt asteroid .
M&M â s History .
He persuaded his uncle George Peabody to establish the Peabody Museum of Natural History at Yale .
Grace is a 1918 photograph by Eric Enstrom .
32 k south of Blois , 73 k west of Vierzon and 42 k east of Tours .
Sky Sports is a group of 10 channels - Sky Sports 1 , Sky Sports 2 , Sky Sports 3 , Sky Sports 4 , Sky Sports News , Sky Sports HD 1 , Sky Sports HD 2 , Sky Sports HD 3 , Sky Sports HD 4 , Sky Sports News HD and At the Races .
His kind of psychology was called analytical psychology or Jungian Analysis .
taped in 2009 at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Famous Afro-Asian Britons include Naomi Campbell , David Jordan .
Many diesel locomotives have V12 engines .
Circle Hot Springs , Alaska is a holiday resort in Alaska .
Penn is a former one-time UFC Lightweight Champion and one-time UFC Welterweight Champion .
The Academy annually awards three prizes that award $ 500,000 to the winner .
The Underground uses zones to collect fares .
In the 1950s , he worked with Kenneth Arrow on non-linear programming . Kenneth Arrow became the youngest person to receive the Nobel Economics prize in 1972 .
Snyder is a winner of a Pulitzer Prize for Poetry .
The North South Line Marina South Extension is a underground southward extension from Marina Bay Station .
The Sultan Ahmed Mosque is a mosque in Istanbul , Turkey .
She played Carol Brady in The Real Live Brady Bunch .
Michael Collins first became known during the Easter Rising in 1916 .
Calcium is part of calcium oxide .
Calcium compounds are colorless .
The 100th Grand Prix winner was Heikki Kovalainen at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
The most famous Grand Prix is the Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo .
Potassium compounds are chemical compounds containing potassium ions .
Franz Leopold Maria MÃ st was born in Linz , Austria .
They are named Sailor Mercury , Sailor Venus , Sailor Mars , and Sailor Jupiter .
Their real names are not Sailor Mercury , Sailor Venus , Sailor Mars , and Sailor Jupiter .
A bundle called Duke Nukem : Kill-A-Ton Collection featured Duke Nukem 3D : Atomic Edition , Duke Xtreme , Duke !
â '' Media Watch , Teaching Boys To Kill
Computers excel at automatically typesetting documents .
This confirms IQ gains over time .
He drove in both the US Barber Formula Dodge and US Star Mazda Series . Speed won the ` Red Bull Driver Search ' program .
is a 2004 Game Boy Advance video game .
Cheung has been linked to Hong Kong singer-actor Edison Chen and has also dated another Hong Kong singer-actor Daniel Chan .
From 1912 to 1919 was Picasso 's Synthetic Cubism Period .
Melbourne Airport is the second busiest airport in Australia .
The Colorado potato beetle eats potato plants .
Novak Djokovic def .
Andrew Lapthorne \/ Peter Norfolk def .
Esther Vergeer def .
Katarina Srebotnik \/ Daniel Nestor def .
Esther Vergeer \/ Sharon Walraven def .
Bob Bryan \/ Mike Bryan def .
Read it sideways .
Juan Ruiz de AlarcÃ n y Mendoza -LRB- 1581 ?
Holloway graduated with honors from Mountain Brook High School .
Some carrot cakes are even layered .
New York Islanders vs. Minnesota North Stars
In 1793 Wordsworth published the poetry collections An Evening Walk and Descriptive Sketches .
Cambodia managed fourth in soccer in the 1972 Southeast Asian games .
Anti-nuclear campaigns that captured national public attention in the 1970s involved the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant , Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant , Diablo Canyon Power Plant , Shoreham Nuclear Power Plant , and the Three Mile Island accident .
Bahrain enjoys mild winters and has very hot , humid summers .
Around 1892 , Renoir developed rheumatoid arthritis .
Most bacteria reproduce by asexual reproduction .
Raymond Carver is buried at Ocean View Cemetery in Port Angeles , WA .
Adult Swim is part of Turner Broadcasting System .
If sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate .
If sulfur dioxide and manganese dioxide are reacted , it produces manganese -LRB- II -RRB- sulfate . It reacts with potassium permanganate to make manganese dioxide .
Principal operations are from its three hubs at Newark Liberty International Airport , George Bush Intercontinental Airport , and Cleveland Hopkins International Airport .
A Granny Smith apple is a sour tasting green apple .
Average life span was 35 .
Many amusement rides provide rotation .
The Universal Forum of Cultures Monterrey 2007 has 4 Core Concepts .
Traditional rice cakes like tteok are eaten as treats during holidays and festivals .
It contains 676 individually dated entries . The entries are from September 1939 through May 1945 .
Gamma rays are like x-rays .
One eight-inch premium circular rule had a 50-inch spiral log-log scale .
Monet married Alice in 1892 .
Wine is an alcoholic beverage .
Maid Marian was the female companion of the outlaw Robin Hood .
Nijinsky also choreographed ballets .
The 1969 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
Cameron currently partners with fellow evangelist Ray Comfort , training Christians in evangelism .
The Axis Powers invaded Yugoslavia on 6 April 1941 .
rating = Consumer Guide rating .
The mercury thermometer was invented by Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit
It can be made by reacting sodium nitrate with barium chloride .
Some seas and lakes are brackish .
Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer .
Zinc oxide is a chemical compound .
Zinc carbonate makes zinc oxide when heated .
Between 1322 and 1334 , Bishop Rudolf von Montfort rebuilt the crumbling fortress .
This category contains albums by the Canadian pop punk band Simple Plan .
Typically , they insert external links .
Degas influenced Cassatt .
Elizabeth Mitchell returns as fertility specialist Dr. Juliet Burke .
Contemporary scientists have disputed the apocalyptic versions .
The 1976 Winter Olympics , officially known as the XII Olympic Winter Games , were celebrated in 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Together with another scientist Ernest Boris Chain , Fleming and Florey were given the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1945 .
The 1973 Formula One season crowned as champion Jackie Stewart .
Through his father he is a descendant of Saxon and Austrian statesman Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust .
Pungmul performers wear very gorgeous costumes .
The pistons are forged aluminum alloy , while the connecting rods are machined alloy steel .
Helsinki eventually held the 1952 Summer Olympics and Tokyo the 1964 Summer Olympics .
-LRB- U.S. Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System : -RRB-
This template employs all parameters of .
LabbÃ won the Calder Cup with the Hartford Wolf Pack in 2000 .
Conductor : Luis Has .
Gothic was a synonym for barbaric .
She won the Ladies ' Singles Olympic gold medal for figure skating at 1998 Winter Olympics .
- Anglo Saxon Chronicle
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
It connects the Caribbean Sea with the Gulf of Mexico .
Apple juice and apple cider are apple drinks .
It starred actors James Stewart , Grace Kelly , Wendell Corey , Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr .
Grand Canyon West Airport is ...
Deianeira reluctantly agrees .
Hercules realizes that something is amiss .
This monitors programs and generates alerts when they perform suspicious behaviors .
Alpha Kappa Alpha is the first sorority founded by African-American women .
Alice Cooper is known for his social and witty persona offstage .
Newcastle United was formed in 1892 after the two rival clubs Newcastle West End and Newcastle East End grouped together .
Written by Himself .
In computer cryptography keys are integers .
There are many passenger trains to Birmingham , Worcester and Hereford .
North Korea contends :
Code for submarines .
Code for Age of Sail .
Code for Age of Sail classes .
In 1820 Viareggio was officially proclaimed city .
Calcium compounds are chemical compounds containing calcium ions .
Thy sons and daughters true Will proclaim Thee near and far .
Minnesota , Hail to Thee !
The article about the Sioux leader is at Crazy Horse Le Crazy Horse Saloon or Le Crazy Horse Paris is a cabaret located in Paris .
Hail also accumulated on roadways .
Production of it ceased in 1965 .
Fine needle aspiration biopsies are very safe , minor surgical procedures .
Before releasing the album , they toured with Alice Cooper , Rammstein , Deep Purple , Dream Theater , Saxon and Stratovarius .
White homing pigeons are used in Release Dove ceremonies at weddings , funerals , and some sporting events .
Girl Scout cookies are cookies that the Girl Scouts sell .
Multiple Index .
Lipshutz praised Adele 's vocal performance .
She is credited with inventing the silk reel , which joins thin silk threads into a thicker thread strong enough for weaving .
GP2 Series engines are rev-limited to 10,000 rpm .
The Nassau County Record is also owned by Community Newspapers Incorporated .
Things commonly added include garlic , cumin , and lemon juice .
The chocolate chip cookie was accidentally made by Ruth Graves Wakefield in 1933 .
The railway also owns four Finnish steam locomotives , and two wooden-bodied Finnish coaches .
It is between Cannon Street Railway Bridge and Tower Bridge .
All parameters optional .
Half Hour of Power is Sum 41 's debut EP .
Some copper sulfide reacts with the copper -LRB- I -RRB- oxide to make copper and sulfur dioxide .
Such demonstrable knowledge would ordinarily confer demonstrable powers of prediction or technological construction .
The specific scientific name commemorates the Austrian geologist Ferdinand von Hochstetter .
Winds were reported to be 115 mph in Matagorda , 110 mph in Victoria and 88 mph in Galveston .
Solid fuel rocket engines are sometimes called `` rocket motors '' .
The YucatÃ n Peninsula separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico .
The Peninsula Ridge forms the drainage divide between the Gulf of Carpentaria and the Coral Sea .
Ponticelli worked digging burial pits and trenches .
The hurricane wrecked 52 ships and killed 57 fishermen .
Stage 1.5 loads Stage 2 .
On the facade , the portraits of Otto von Bismarck , Johann Wolfgang von Goethe and Johannes Gutenberg are displayed .
Canada Flight Supplement .
Jupiter has at least 63 moons .
Cape Town Stadium is a sports stadium in Cape Town , South Africa .
Also , mucus traps infectious agents .
Chemical factors produced during inflammation attract phagocytes , especially neutrophils .
The gut flora can prevent pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces .
Athletes participated from Greece and the Ottoman Empire .
Between 1862 and 1867 , Liverpool held an annual Grand Olympic Festival .
Mame miso is made from beans .
A Soxhlet extractor is a piece of glass apparatus invented in 1879 by Franz von Soxhlet .
Between 1855 and 1898 , he exhibited 72 portraits in the Paris Salon .
New York Rangers vs. New York Islanders
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Atlanta Flames
New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens
Toronto Maple Leafs vs. Montreal Canadiens
Los Angeles Kings vs. New York Rangers
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
This template creates an inline link to Commons in list format .
The Tiger Salamander is species of Mole Salamander .
Zinc sulfide is a chemical compound .
Olympic Stadium is a Olympic Games Main Stadium .
Hydrogen sulfide and sulfur dioxide are some sulfur compounds that are released when coal burns .
Losing contestants also received some unspecified parting gifts .
Classical ciphers are typically susceptible to known-plaintext attack .
Sinope orbits Jupiter on a high eccentricity and high inclination retrograde orbit .
Two-time National Football League MVP Kurt Warner once worked at a Hy-Vee Store in Cedar Falls , Iowa .
In 1921 he was awarded the Nobel Prize .
She is buried in Forbes Cemetery .
Mercury compounds are chemical compounds that have mercury ions in them .
Breed Corporation then marketed this innovation first in 1967 to Chrysler .
The Examiner Sends a Special Train to Monterey to Gather Full Details of the Terrible Disaster .
Marion County is pert of the Ocala Metropolitan Statistical Area .
The fore and hind wing feathers were white with black tips .
Burton and Lillian won reward .
Burton gave Jon his reward , while Lillian kept hers .
The Best of Billie is a album by British pop singer Billie Piper .
A hurricane hit near the mouth of the Rio Grande , destroying villages and causing flooding .
A slow-moving hurricane remained offshore of Cape Hatteras on September 6 .
Examples of inert gases are neon and helium .
Cartoons episode Tiffany .
The Final Cut is a rock album by Pink Floyd .
Gretchen discovers she is pregnant .
Wolfgang Sawallisch is honorary conductor laureate .
Partly due to this translation Albany was restored by the legislature in 1855 .
Playing as Knight also allows the player to unlock co-op achievements .
18 St. Andrew Gateway Newstands Token Vending Machine 1963
20 St. Patrick Gateway Newstands Token Vending Machine 1963
Peach must then rescue Mario .
In Super Mario 64 , her name became Princess Peach Toadstool .
It reportedly silted at Hamilton Harbor on Bermuda .
Rankin was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in early 2009 .
He found Indiana businessman Tony Hulman .
Wallace had spent 1848 â `` 1852 exploring and collecting specimens in the Amazon Basin .
Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland .
Example trick arrows include : glue arrows , net arrows , explosive arrows , grappling arrows , and boxing-glove arrows .
Venus Rising was a 1995 movie starring Jessica Alba , Henry Bean and Morgan Fairchild .
The Milky Way passes through Norma .
Caan escaped via another temporal shift .
Hamlet kills Claudius with the poisoned sword .
Izumo Shrine honors this god .
Property crimes include burglary , theft , motor vehicle theft , and arson .
He is interred at Calvary Cemetery .
She received the Teen Choice Award for Choice Actress and Saturn Award for Best Actress -LRB- TV -RRB- for her role in Dark Angel , along with a Golden Globe nomination .
The 1908 Games had athletes representing 22 National Olympic Committees .
See List of heritage railways .
Amy Irving was the actress for Anna Anderson .
A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa .
He currently hosts The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson which airs on CBS .
This template creates a header to be used with succession boxes .
Types of terriers include Irish Terrier .
The film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .
Blaise Pascal subsequently used polar coordinates to calculate the length of parabolic arcs .
This options allows to generate arbitrarily styled books with additional content .
Its climate produces snowy winters and cool summers .
See polar coordinates .
Longfellow began courting Frances `` Fanny '' Appleton , the daughter of a wealthy Boston industrialist , Nathan Appleton and sister of Thomas Gold Appleton .
Longfellow spent several years translating Dante Alighieri 's Divine Comedy .
Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc .
Maria and thirty-three kilometers north from Manila .
Beautiful Girls is a 1996 motion picture starring Rosie O'Donnell , Matt Dillon , Mira Sorvino and Natalie Portman .
Like the UK Singles Chart , Ultratop creates charts based on retail record sales of around 500 retail outlets and legal digital downloads .
The chart broadcasts on Radio Contact on Saturdays from 12:00 to 14:00 .
Various religions divide the commandments differently .
Le BodÃ o is a commune .
Example : yields .
Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex .
The Institution publishes a monthly journal , The Structural Engineer .
In January 2001 , producer Joel Silver asked Todd Alcott to write a Wonder Woman screenplay .
Tin compounds are chemical compounds containing tin ions .
The rope breaks .
`` Strawberry Fields Forever '' charted at Number Eight in the US .
The US National Hot Dog and Sausage Council asserts that Frankfurt am Main is traditionally credited with originating the Frankfurter .
Pompey was decisively beaten by Caesar at the Battle of Pharsalus .
Mount Fuji has not erupted since .
Mercury can cause both chronic and acute poisoning .
The band 's members are currently vocalist Perry Farrell , bassist Eric Avery , guitarist Dave Navarro and drummer Stephen Perkins .
A pound comprises between 70,000 and 200,000 threads .
This template adds new Editor review requests to the backlog category .
Dark Horse 's movie company , Dark Horse Entertainment , creates movies based on Dark Horse Comics .
Percy then fights and defeats Ares by hurting the god 's heel .
Blood Tsunami is a thrash metal band from Oslo , Norway .
A champion who does not wear the rainbow jersey can be fined 2500 to 5000 Swiss francs . .
Traditional Swedish variations can be somewhat exotic .
converts cardinal direction and degree-minutes-seconds to decimal coordinate .
Fluorine compounds are chemical compounds containing fluorine ions .
Edith Wharton reputedly modeled the character of Julius Beaufort in The Age of Innocence on Belmont .
Belmont 's sons were Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont , Perry Belmont , and August Belmont , Jr. .
Persia occupies Byzantine Mesopotamia , Syria , Palestine , Egypt and the Transcaucasus , before being driven to withdraw to pre-war frontiers by Byzantine counter-offensive .
Other large wind farms in Texas include : Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , Sherbino Wind Farm , Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm , Sweetwater Wind Farm , Buffalo Gap Wind Farm , King Mountain Wind Farm , Desert Sky Wind Farm , Wildorado Wind Ranch , and the Brazos Wind Farm .
The Roscoe Wind Farm -LRB- 781 MW -RRB- is the world 's largest wind farm . Other large wind farms in Texas include : Horse Hollow Wind Energy Center , Sherbino Wind Farm , Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm , Sweetwater Wind Farm , Buffalo Gap Wind Farm , King Mountain Wind Farm , Desert Sky Wind Farm , Wildorado Wind Ranch , and the Brazos Wind Farm .
Romeo 41 is an Airway over the English Channel from the Channel Islands Control Area to the Solent Control Area .
label is optional .
Cobalt compounds are chemical compounds containing cobalt ions .
Her newest album is Guilty Pleasure .
Catch That Kid !
MLB Rule 10.07 -LRB- g -RRB- defines defensive indifference .
He earned his doctorate at Johns Hopkins in 1881 .
Wilson graduated from Yale in 1878 .
Over a two-week period in 1981 , 1,900 activists were arrested at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
In 1981 , 1,900 activists were arrested during protests at Diablo Canyon Power Plant .
Silver compounds are toxic .
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol .
The main games , in order of release , are Kingdom Hearts , Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories , Kingdom Hearts II , Kingdom Hearts coded , Kingdom Hearts 358\/2 Days , and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep .
The reissues , in order of release , are Kingdom Hearts Final Mix , Kingdom Hearts II Final Mix + , Kingdom Hearts Re : Chain of Memories , Kingdom Hearts Re : coded , and Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep Final Mix .
Elmer Fudd is a fictional hunter who tries to hunt Bugs Bunny .
Grey resigned in 1834 and Melbourne became Prime Minister .
These depend on applying mathematically rigorous serial numbers and serial number arithmetic
Misiano and Graves became co-executive producers alongside Falls .
Director Christopher Misiano became a supervising producer and Patrick Ward came aboard as an associate producer .
Lakes tint by dispersion .
The Imperial lemon is a lemon and grapefruit hybrid .
Discovery Channel -LRB- formerly The Discovery Channel -RRB- is an Asian satellite and cable TV channel which provides documentary programming .
Discovery Channel SE Asia now divided into two channel feeds .
Australia has participated in every summer Olympic Games since 1896 , and every Commonwealth Games .
Most reigning Grand Dukes were called Royal Highness .
A Russian Grand Duke or Grand Duchess was an Imperial Highness .
Called Subject to Change , it was directed by Jason Ye .
In June 1909 , Laemmle started the Yankee Film Company with partners Abe and Julius Stern .
Below the shield is a banner that reads `` Maine '' .
Its natural habitat is mild grassland .
Final Fantasy is a fantasy role-playing video game .
Covington released his debut album , Bucky Covington in 2007 .
Seventeen watches and warnings were issued with Marilyn .
Marilyn peaked at this time with winds at 120-125 mph winds instead of 115 mph .
Szell married Olga Band in 1920 .
They practiced a polytheistic religion centered on sacrificial rites , probably administered by a priestly caste .
and Comedy Central 's Premium Blend .
